{"took": 2, "timed_out": false, "_shards": {"total": 1, "successful": 1, "skipped": 0, "failed": 0}, "hits": {"total": 80, "max_score": 5.502818, "hits": [{"_index": "documents", "_type": "document", "_id": "K11pBGcBqJv28U2GFKfh", "_score": 5.502818, "_source": {"name": "uhs_sportsmedicine", "num_lines": 19, "content": ["Sports Medicine Clinic", "Information:", "(512) 471-4955", "Make an online appointment", "Information on Charges and Insurance", "Hours:", "Monday - Friday 8:00am - 5:00pm", "Closed Saturday and Sunday and UT Holidays", "Semester hours exceptions", "Sports Medicine Clinic", "You don't have to be an athlete to get specialized care for musculoskeletal injuries! Board-certified sports medicine physicians and athletic trainers in the UHS Sports Medicine Clinic treat patients with musculoskeletal injuries and other orthopedic complaints, regardless of the cause. When medically appropriate, they partner with physical therapists and orthopedic specialists to develop personalized treatment and rehabilitation plans. Call to schedule an appointment", "If your athletic program requires a physical exam, you can schedule your appointment at UHS", "Helpful Links", "Sports Medicine Exercise Handouts", "UHS Staff", "Physical Therapy", "Charges", "Health Insurance and UHS", "Nutrition"]}}, {"_index": "documents", "_type": "document", "_id": "LV1pBGcBqJv28U2GFKfh", "_score": 5.330074, "_source": {"name": "uhs_gmc", "num_lines": 33, "content": ["UHS General Medicine", "Information:", "(512) 471-4955", "Or make an appointment online", "Information on Charges and Insurance", "Hours:", "Monday - Friday 8:00am - 5:00pm", "Closed Saturday and Sunday and UT Holidays", "Wednesdays Closed 12pm - 1:30pm", "Semester hours exceptions", "University Health Services is here to keep you healthy while you focus on your studies at UT Austin. You can expect the same types of services here that you can get from your family doctor", "Appointments are required for all non-urgent medical conditions. Call", "(512) 471-4955", "for an appointment", "For advice on how to care for an illness or injury at home or guidance about whether and when to see a healthcare provider, call the Nurse Advice Line", "(512) 475-6877 (NURS)", "For severe or potentially life-threatening symptoms, go to a local hospital emergency room or call 911", "Our healthcare providers are licensed physicians, physician assistants, certified nurse practitioners, and behavioral health consultants supported by a staff of nurses, medical technologists, radiological technologists, pharmacists, chemical dependency counselors, dietitians, and professional health educators", "Types of services provided in General Medicine", "UHS general medicine clinics provide primary medical care tailored to the unique needs of college students.  Common medical services include diagnosis and treatment of:", "Upper respiratory infections", "Sexually transmitted infections", "Stress, anxiety, and depression", "Eating disorders", "Minor injuries", "You can also schedule appointments for", "Physical exams for work or travel", "Minor surgical procedures", "Chronic disease management (asthma, diabetes, hypertension)", "Assistance with prescription medications", "We also offer a Nurse Advice Line, an urgent care clinic, allergy shots, immunizations, and travel health appointments as well as sports medicine, and women's health specialty clinics. If you need care that isn't offered at UHS, we can refer you to a specialist in the community - just like your family doctor would", "Dr. Tai is board certified in Internal Medicine, which means he cares for a diverse patient population with all kinds of problems ranging from minor illnesses and injuries to potentially serious problems and chronic conditions like asthma and diabetes. Here, Dr. Tai discusses why he chose medicine and what he likes about his vocation:", "\"I chose medicine because I felt it was a field that offered many options. General internal medicine combines my interests in science, the arts, and individuals and allows me to work in a variety of areas. Every day is a little different. Some cases need straightforward evidence-based decision making while others require less well-defined verbal and nonverbal practices. Working in a university environment involves constant change and is an ongoing learning experience. If you are thinking about a career in healthcare, I suggest exploring not only medical school but also nursing fields, advanced practice nursing programs, physician assistant programs, and pharmacy programs as they all play integral roles in healthcare now.\""]}}, {"_index": "documents", "_type": "document", "_id": "ul1pBGcBqJv28U2GIqca", "_score": 5.175345, "_source": {"name": "uhs_HT_HT_asthma", "num_lines": 77, "content": ["Asthma", "What is asthma?", "Asthma is a lung condition that causes irritation and swelling (inflammation) of the lining of the airways in your lungs. The inflammation causes wheezing, coughing, and shortness of breath. Asthma is a chronic condition, which means you may have it the rest of your life", "You may start coughing or wheezing when you breathe in irritants or something you are allergic to. Cold air, chemicals, perfume, and smoke are examples of irritants. Examples of things you might be allergic to, called allergens, are dust, pollen, molds, and animal dander. A cold or the flu might also bring on an asthma attack", "Some people have coughing or wheezing only during or after physical activity. This is called exercise-induced asthma", "Asthma may be mild, moderate, or severe. An asthma attack may last a few minutes or for days. Attacks can happen anywhere and at any time. Severe asthma attacks can be fatal. It is very important to get prompt treatment for asthma attacks and to learn to manage your asthma so you can live a healthy, active life", "About 20 million Americans have asthma, and the number of people who have asthma is increasing worldwide", "How does it occur?", "If you have asthma, the airways in your lungs are always somewhat inflamed, even when you do not have any symptoms. When your airways are exposed to irritants or allergens, the airways become more swollen and make more mucus. The tiny muscles in the walls of the airways contract. These reactions cause the airway openings to become smaller, making it harder for air to move in and out. Wheezing is the sound of air moving through the narrowed air passages. The extra mucus in the airways causes coughing", "Some of the factors that may increase the risk of developing asthma are:", "low birth weight", "having one or more close family members who have asthma", "exposure to secondhand smoke or a lot of environmental pollutants (for example, in a large city)", "on-the-job exposure to chemicals, such as chemicals used in the manufacturing industry, farming, and hairdressing", "obesity", "What are the symptoms?", "Symptoms are:", "wheezing (a high-pitched whistling sound when you breathe in or out)", "coughing", "shortness of breath, or feeling like you cannot get enough air", "chest tightness", "You may find that there are things you used to do that you can no longer do because of your trouble with breathing", "How is it diagnosed?", "A single attack of wheezing does not mean you have asthma. Some infections and chemicals can cause wheezing that lasts for a short time and then does not happen again. Your healthcare provider will ask about your history of breathing problems. You will have a physical exam. You may have one or more breathing tests. You may be tested before and after taking medicine to see how your symptoms respond to medicine", "How is it treated?", "The goal of treatment is to allow you to live a normal, active life. Proper treatment can reduce your day-to-day asthma problems as well as the chance that you will have a bad asthma attack or more problems in the future. Treatment will probably include prescribed medicines and the removal of obvious allergy-causing substances or irritants from your home", "Three types of medicines are used to control asthma:", "quick-relief medicines", "steroid medicines", "long-term-control medicines", "Quick-relief medicines (also called reliever, rescue, or quick-acting medicines)", "Albuterol is the generic name of the most widely used quick-relief medicine. It is a type of medicine called a bronchodilator. Bronchodilators relax the muscles in the airways. When the muscles are relaxed, the airways become larger, so there is more space for air to move in and out. You inhale the medicine by breathing it into your lungs as you spray it into your mouth. You use this medicine when you start to have an asthma attack. In some cases your provider may recommend that you use it on a regular schedule", "You should always carry a bronchodilator with you to use when you begin to wheeze. If you have exercise-induced asthma, you should use the medicine", "before", "exercise to prevent wheezing", "Steroid medicines for prolonged, severe attacks", "Steroids are another type of medicine that may be used to control asthma symptoms. They are a type of anti-inflammatory medicine that is often used for treatment of a bad attack that has not responded to other treatment. The medicine is usually prednisone and you are usually given between 4 and 10 days of the steroid tablets to take with your other medicines to get your asthma back under control", "Long-term control-medicines (also called controller medicines)", "In addition to using a quick-relief bronchodilator when you have asthma attacks, you may need to combine different types of long-term control medicines for the best control of your wheezing. Several types of medicines help prevent asthma attacks. These medicines are now considered the best and safest way to have long-term control of asthma. They help reduce the inflammation in your airways. They are taken on a regular schedule whether or not you are having symptoms", "Long-term-control medicine should be used all the time for year-round asthma. For seasonal asthma, your healthcare provider may instruct you to take a long-term-control medicine just during the months when you usually have asthma symptoms. The medicine does not work well if you start and stop it frequently, for example, every week or two", "Long-term-control medicines cannot stop attacks of wheezing after you have started wheezing. You must use a quick-relief medicine, such as albuterol, when you are wheezing", "The goals of controller medicines are to:", "prevent asthma attacks", "prevent chronic asthma symptoms, such as shortness of breath", "let you have a fully active life, including participation in sports and other physical activities", "The medicines used most often for long-term control of asthma are:", "a long-acting, inhaled bronchodilator, such as salmeterol (Serevent) used 2 times a day", "inhaled steroids, such as Azmacort and Flovent, used 1 to 4 times a day", "a type of medicine called leukotriene modifiers, including zafirlukast (Accolate), zileuton (Zyflo), or montelukast (Singulair) pills taken daily", "Some of these medicines are available as combinations", "Other, less often used controller medicines include:", "theophylline, a pill often taken at bedtime to prevent nighttime wheezing", "cromolyn or nedocromil, inhaled 3 to 4 times a day", "If you have severe persistent asthma, your healthcare provider may prescribe low-dose oral steroids for long-term control of the asthma. This medicine may be taken as tablets or a syrup", "You need to work closely with your healthcare provider to find the treatment right for you. Make sure you understand how to use each of your medicines. Some are quick-acting and meant to be used when you have an asthma attack. Others are slow acting and help prevent attacks but they do not help when you are having an attack", "Inhalers", "Make sure you know how to use your inhaler correctly. Some inhalers work best if you hold them 2 inches in front of your mouth when you spray. This helps the medicine get to your lungs rather than getting stuck in your mouth. However, for some inhalers you need to put your mouth on the inhaler", "If you have an inhaler that should be used a couple of inches in front of your mouth and it is hard for you to hold the inhaler in the right position, ask your healthcare provider for a spacer tube. You can put one end of the spacer in your mouth and attach the inhaler to the other end. This allows you to breathe in slowly and fully and to inhale more of the asthma medicine", "Be sure you ask your healthcare provider or pharmacist how your inhalers are supposed to be used. Read the directions that come with the inhalers. Also ask your pharmacist how you can know when your inhaler is empty so you can avoid getting caught without medicine", "Peak flow meter", "Your breathing ability can change from day to day. For example, illness or seasonal allergies may make your airways more inflamed than usual. Your healthcare provider may prescribe a peak flow meter. You can use the peak flow meter to measure how well you are breathing. It can help you and your healthcare provider know when you might need to increase your dosage of medicine to prevent severe attacks of wheezing", "How long will the effects last?", "Asthma is a chronic condition, even though you might not have any symptoms for decades. Asthma is more common in children than adults. People who had asthma as children often have no symptoms once they become adults, but the symptoms may come back later in life. Asthma that develops for the first time in mid- or late life usually continues to be a problem for the rest of your life", "How can I take care of myself?", "Learn about asthma and its treatment", "Learn to recognize signs and symptoms of an asthma attack. Many people with asthma either don't recognize their asthma symptoms or underestimate the severity of their symptoms. Pay attention to your symptoms and, if your healthcare provider recommends it, check your breathing with a peak flow meter", "Work with your healthcare provider to develop a written asthma action plan. Following the plan will help you manage your asthma every day. It will help you recognize and handle asthma problems", "Take your medicines exactly as prescribed. Always have your rescue medicine on hand and available. If you are taking a long-term-controller medicine, be sure to take it every day, just as your provider tells you. This prevents asthma attacks. If you are having wheezing even though you are using your controller medicines, let your healthcare provider know. Don't just stop them. If you are using both quick-relief and long-term control inhalers at the same time, use the quick relief inhaler first. Then wait several minutes before using the control inhaler", "Learn what can trigger your symptoms and how to stay away from them. For example, you may need to cover your mattress, box springs, and pillows with zippered plastic covers. It may help to stay indoors when the humidity or pollen count is high. Avoid cigarette smoke", "You should also:", "See your healthcare provider for regular checkups as often as recommended", "Ask your provider if it is OK for you to take aspirin. Some people with asthma are allergic to aspirin and it causes them to wheeze. Aspirin is more likely to cause problems than other anti-inflammatory medicines, such as ibuprofen or naproxen, but sometimes they can cause wheezing, too. Acetaminophen (Tylenol) does not cause wheezing", "Get a flu vaccine every October", "If you often have problems with acid indigestion--a condition called gastroesophageal reflux disease, or GERD--your asthma symptoms may increase, especially at night. When you have GERD, stomach acid flows backward into the throat, irritating the upper airway and causing heartburn. If you have heartburn often, talk to your healthcare provider about it. Your provider may prescribe a medicine that reduces the acid in your stomach to help relieve GERD and asthma symptoms. You can also prevent or relieve symptoms of GERD by:", "losing weight if you are overweight", "sleeping with your head elevated at least 4 inches", "Asthma can be a life-threatening condition. If your medicines do not seem to be working to keep you breathing comfortably, contact your healthcare provider. If you are having an asthma attack and using your albuterol inhaler has not relieved your symptoms, you must get medical care right away. This may mean going to the emergency room or calling 911"]}}, {"_index": "documents", "_type": "document", "_id": "E11pBGcBqJv28U2GIqga", "_score": 5.154222, "_source": {"name": "uhs_meet", "num_lines": 683, "content": ["UHS Leadership", "Melinda McMichael, M.D", "Interim Executive Director/Chief Medical Officer", "Elisa Spradlin, M.D", "Interim Assistant Chief Medical Officer", "Kathy Mosteller", "Associate Director for Nursing and Clinical Operations", "Susan Hochman", "Associate Director for Assessment, Communications, and Health Information Technology", "Katy Redd", "Associate Director for Prevention, Development, and Media Relations", "Terri Bohuslav", "Associate Director for Business and Finance", "Brittany O'Malley", "Assistant Director for Prevention", "Neeta Bhakta", "Interim Assistant Director for Ancillary Services", "Robert Reed", "Assistant Director for Health Information Technology Services", "University Health Services Staff", "General Medicine", "+", "Stephen Blair, M.D", "Hometown:", "Amarillo, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Blair earned his bachelor of science in chemistry in 1986 at West Texas State University in Canyon (now West Texas A&M University). In 1994, he completed his doctor of medicine degree from the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston followed by a three-year internship and residency with the Central Texas Medical Foundation", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Practice", "Professional Experience:", "1997-2005, Private Practice, South Austin Medical Clinic, Austin, TX", "2005-2012, Private Practice, Capital Family Practice, Austin, TX", "2011-2014, Staff Physician (part-time), CommUnity Care Clinics, Austin, TX", "2012-2013, Private Practice, Premier Family Physicians, Austin, TX", "2014-present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Blair likes to engage in a collaborative approach to medical care, especially in the cases of chronic conditions where multiple treatment options are available. He enjoys the small victories as much or more than the more obvious, made-for-TV successes. Dr. Blair appreciates the complexity and ambiguity that makes each person unique", "When not practicing medicine, Dr. Blair enjoys spending time with his wife, two children, and the family dogs. He also enjoys cycling and hiking, and the occasional fly fishing trip", "+", "Ginger Bloomer, M.D", "Hometown:", "Texas, USA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Bloomer earned her bachelor of arts in anthropology at The University of Texas at Austin in 1984. In 1990, she earned her doctor of medicine from The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio. From 1990 to 1993, she served her residency in Family Practice at Providence Hospital in Seattle, WA", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Practice", "Professional Experience:", "1992 - 1993, Staff Physician, Student Health Center; Seattle University; Seattle, WA", "1992 - 1993, Staff Physician, Therapeutic Health Services; Drug Rehabilitation Program; Seattle, WA", "1993 - 2002, Primary Care Physician; University Family Health Center - Southeast; San Antonio, TX; also served as Director of Quality", "2002 - Present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Bloomer helps students reach their potential by encouraging healthful lifestyle choices. She has an interest in students with anxiety, depression, and GLBTQ issues as well as in general medical practice", "+", "Monique Cortez, M.D", "Hometown:", "Corpus Christi, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Cortez earned her bachelor of science in zoology here at the University of Texas at Austin in 1994. In 1999 she earned her doctor of medicine from the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston followed by a three-year residency in family medicine at the Waco Family Medicine Residency Program in Waco, Texas.fadeInUp", "Certifications:", "Board Certified In Family Practice", "Licensed to practice medicine in Texas", "Professional Experience:", "June 2012-June 2013, Staff Physician, Texas State University, San Marcos, Texas", "May 2011-May 2012, Physician Advisor, Executive Health Resources, Philadelphia, PA", "May 2011-May 2012, Urgent Care Physician Austin Regional Clinic, Austin, TX", "August 2002-May 2011 Primary Care Physician, Austin Regional Clinic, Austin, TX", "2013 - Present, General Medicine Physician, University Health Services, University of Texas, Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Cortez finds the challenges and opportunities of working with a university population very rewarding. She enjoys educating students about their health and the opportunities they have to establish habits that will help them live healthier, happier, longer lives", "When students ask about a career in medicine, she recommends a strong foundation in science, but also that the student find a creative outlet for his/her own personal expression. The stresses and challenges that come with a health professions career can best be met with a healthy heart and brain, \"Don't forget to take care of yourself because only by taking care of your whole self can you fully care for others\". Creative outlets maintain life balance and contribute to not only mental health but also to physical health and a sense of well-being", "Dr. Cortez loves to runs marathons on road and trail, cook, garden and bike, is an author as well as an actor, has been known to make really cool cupcakes for friends and family, makes her own infused salts and sugars, and makes a fabulous pepper jelly that her family loves. She lives In Austin with her husband and their four legged family members", "+", "Tara Cutler, MHS, PA-C", "Hometown:", "Miami, FL", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Tara earned her bachelor of science in biology in 2001 at Idaho State University in Pocatello. In 2003, she earned her master's degree in health science - Physician Assistant at Lock Haven University in Pennsylvania", "Certifications:", "Certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)", "Certified in Advanced Life Support", "Professional Experience:", "2004 - 2006, Physician Assistant, Internal Medicine, Southwest Medical Associates, Las Vegas, NV", "2006 - Present, Staff Physician Assistant, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Tara enjoys traveling, playing sports (especially softball) and spending time with family and friends", "+", "Amy Friggle, MS PA- C", "Hometown:", "Midland/Odessa, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Oklahoma Christian 1994-1997 Biology major", "University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center Physician Associate Program December 1999", "Certifications:", "National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)    Texas Board Physician Assistant License    CPR certified", "Interests:", "Amy Friggle's practice focus has been primary care which translates into caring for the whole person. Her work has been in urgent care, men and women's health, STI prevention and treatment, anxiety/ depression", "A university population is a wonderful opportunity to educate students on good self-care and health habits for life. My hope is that any student who has medical concerns, health issues or questions will contact University Health Services and see how we can help. That is what we are all here for! Healthy Horns Up!", "+", "Ellen Elmore, M.D", "Hometown:", "Greenwood, SC", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Elmore earned her bachelors in biology with honors from Lander College, Greenwood, SC in 1987, after which she entered the Medical University of South Carolina to earn her M.D. in 1991. She served her internship and residency until 1994 at Memorial Mission Hospital in Asheville, NC, where she was selected to serve as Chief Resident 1993-1994", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1994-2003, Family Physician (Chair, Dept. of Family Practice 1998-1999), Kauai Medical Clinic, Lihue, HI", "2005, Roving Locums Physician, Western Australia Medical Association, Perth, Australia", "2005-2006, Kalaheo Medical Clinic in Kalaheo, HI, Esaki Family Practice Kapaa, HI", "2006-2007, Physician, Zuni Comprehensive Health Center, Indian Health Service, Zuni, NM", "2006-2008, Cruise Ship Physician, Princess Cruise Lines and Quark Expeditions (polar tours)", "2008, Locums Physician, Alaska Native Health System, Maniilaq Hospital in Kotzebue, AK, Mt Edgecumbe Hospital/ South East Alaska Regional Health Consortium (SEARHC) in Sitka, AK, Juneau SEARHC, Ethel Lund Medical Center in Juneau, AK, Klawock SEARHC, Alicia Roberts Medical Center in Klawock, AK, Indian/Public Health Service in Supai, AZ", "2008-2013, Staff Physician, (Medical Director 2009-2011), Maniilaq Hospital, Kotzebue, AK", "2012-2013, Physician, Balcones Woods Family Medicine in Austin, TX", "2013-present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "At UT, Dr. Elmore enjoys helping students learn to navigate the medical system and take control of their own health. She strives to help students become advocates for their health issues and to make wise health care choices. While she wishes she had a magic wand that could banish illness with a wave, instead she helps students stay healthy by emphasizing wellness & prevention", "Dr. Elmore loves to travel and has been to all seven continents. She has a special affinity for Norway as she has family there, and for Australia, as she lived there for more than two years. She loves to play outside, do yoga, swim, attend theater productions, and listen to live music. She rides her bike to work most days. Dr. Elmore loves to read and thinks about trying her hand at writing. She is also a filmmaker and enjoys watching films for inspiration. Look for her at ACL, SXSW and film festivals that come through town", "+", "Jill Grimes, M.D. FAAFP", "Hometown:", "San Antonio, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Grimes was a Presidential Endowed Scholar at Texas A&M University, earning a BA in biology with a minor in Spanish in 1987. She earned her MD at Baylor College of Medicine in 1991, and then completed her three-year residency training for family medicine here in Austin", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1994 - 1996, Private Practice, Travis Physician Associates, Austin, TX", "1996 - 2001, Private Practice, Partners in Health MDPA, Austin, TX", "2000 - Present, Clinical Instructor, UMASS Medical School", "2008 - Present, Multi-Media Medical Expert, Online, Print, Radio, TV", "2009 - Present, Associate Editor, 5-Minute Clinical Consult Textbook", "2002 - 2012, Private Practice, West Lake Family Practice", "2013 - Present, Staff Physician, UT Austin University Health Services, Austin, TX", "Interests:", "Dr. Grimes is passionate about prevention and, as a family physician her practical advice covers all ages, genders, and body parts. She educates patients and students by sharing stories and accurate medical information in a non-judgmental fashion. Outside of medicine, Dr. Grimes especially enjoys outdoor recreation such as hiking, biking, kayaking, and boating - especially when she can escape to cooler climates in the mountains", "+", "Sherry Guyton, FNP-BC", "Hometown:", "ARichmond, VA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ms. Guyton earned her bachelor of liberal sciences in child development in 1983 at St. Edward's University in Austin, and her bachelor of science in nursing in 1987 at The University of Texas at Austin. In 1994, she earned her master of science in nursing at The University of Texas at Austin with an emphasis in Community Health and counseling. She completed the Family Nurse Practitioner post-master's program at The University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston in 1997", "Certifications:", "Certified by the American Nurses Credentialing Center as an Advanced Practice Nurse and a Family Nurse Practitioner", "Professional Experience:", "1987 - 1989, Staff Nurse in Labor and Delivery, Post-Partum and Newborn Nursery, Georgetown Community Hospital, Georgetown, TX", "1989 - 1996, Director of Health Services, Southwestern University, Georgetown, TX", "1994 - 1995, Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner (SANE), St. David's and Brackenridge Hospitals, Austin, TX", "1998 - 2004, Family Nurse Practitioner, Private practices in the Austin area", "2002 - 2004, Family Nurse Practitioner/Manager, Round Rock Health Clinic, Round Rock, TX", "2004 - Present, Family Nurse Practitioner, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "2007 - Present, Electronic Health Record Developer and Trainer, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "In July of 2007, Ms. Guyton began working with the IT department at UHS to develop electronic forms and to train UHS providers for a transition from paper charting to electronic health records. She still works in the clinics, and says she chose University Health Services because \"I love working with college students and I love UT!\" She enjoys spending time reading, doing woodworking, working with stained glass, and spending time with her friends, children, and grandchildren", "+", "Karen Hickey, FNP-C", "Hometown:", "Houston, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ms. Hickey earned her bachelor of science in nursing at The University of Texas at Austin in 1995. In 2002, she earned her master of science in nursing from The University of Texas at Austin", "Certifications:", "Certified through the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners", "Professional Experience:", "2002 - 2004, Nurse Practitioner, Internal Medicine, Private Practice, San Marcos, TX", "2004 - 2011, Nurse Practitioner, Family Practice, Round Rock, TX", "2011 - Present, Nurse Practitioner, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Karen's interests beyond practicing medicine include gardening, boating, yoga and travel", "+", "Nicole Lackowski, PA-C", "Hometown:", "Houston, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Nicole earned her bachelor of science in 1995 at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL. In 1997, she earned her master's degree in science and her certificate in physician assistant studies at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, TX", "Certifications:", "Certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)", "Professional Experience:", "1997 - 2005, Physician Assistant, Oster Boulevard Family Practice, Bryan, TX", "2006 - Present, Staff Physician Assistant, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Nicole is married with two children and a dog. She loves swimming and spending time with family and friends", "+", "Karen Lee, M.D", "Hometown:", "San Francisco, CA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Lee earned her bachelor of science in biochemistry in 1973 at the University of California at Davis. In 1977, she earned her doctor of medicine at the University of California at Davis School of Medicine. She served her residency from 1977 to 1980 in Internal Medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, TX", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Internal Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1977 - 1978, Clinical Instructor, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX", "1978 - 1981, Physician, Private Practice, Austin, TX", "1981 - Present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Lee enjoys the practice of college health because of the university environment, the opportunity to balance family and career, and especially the students", "+", "Melinda McMichael, M.D", "Hometown:", "Hutchinson, KS", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. McMichael earned her bachelor of science in chemical science in 1975 at Kansas State University in Manhattan, KS. In 1978, she earned her doctor of medicine from the University of Kansas Medical School in Kansas City. She served her residency from 1978 to 1982 in Internal Medicine at The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Internal Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1981 - 1982, Chief Resident, Internal Medicine, The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio", "1987 - 1991 and 1998 - 2000, Medical Director, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "1982 - Present, Staff Physcian, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "In addition to practicing medicine, Dr. McMichael enjoys traveling, reading, gardening, and spending time with her family. In 2007, she was appointed to the Texas Medical Board for a six-year term. Dr. McMichael observes: Most college students ask intelligent questions and want to be involved in their evaluation and treatment. Some doctors might find it uncomfortable to be challenged by their patients on a regular basis, but I think it has made me a better, more thoughtful doctor. The wide variety of medical problems in college students is both intellectually interesting and satisfying to treat because students generally listen and follow through with treatment plans -- or at least want to discuss it if they decide not to! In addition, caring for college students has given me the opportunity to make a difference by helping students recognize poor health habits and intervene early to prevent long-term chronic illness", "+", "Megan Squibb Ream, MS,PA-C", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Skidmore College, Saratoga Springs, NY", "Bachelor of Arts Biology-Chemistry", "1990-1994", "The University of New England, Biddeford, ME", "Masters of Health Science and Physician Assistant Cetification 1996-1998", "Medical School:", "The University of New England, Biddeford, ME", "Residency/Internship:", "UT Southwestern in Austin for Family Medicine", "Certifications:", "Physician Assistant Certified 1998-Present", "Practice Interests:", "Education, health promotion, acute care", "Practice Philosophy:", "I believe in patient education, promote a healthy lifestyle, and empower patients to seek the care they need to function at their highest level", "+", "Ismael Rivera, MD", "Hometown:", "Houston, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "I received my BS in Forensic Science from Baylor University in 2005. I graduated from UTMB in 2011 and started my Family Medicine residency here in Austin that same year", "Medical School:", "University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston", "Residency/Internship:", "UT Southwestern in Austin for Family Medicine", "Certifications:", "Family Medicine", "Practice Interests:", "I decided to go into Family Medicine because I liked the diversity as well as the challenges of taking care of individuals across a broad range of ages as well as backgrounds", "Practice Philosophy:", "In general I approach each encounter as a chance to collaborate with the patient to help them become active participants in their health care", "+", "Elisa Spradlin, MD", "Hometown:", "Austin, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Spradlin earned her BA in Zoology @ UT Austin in 1991. She earned her Doctor of Medicine in 1997 from The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, followed by a 3 year residency in Family Medicine at the University of Arkansas in Fort Smith, Arkansas. She earned a Masters in Arts in Creative Writing from the University of Southern Maine in 2008", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "2000-2004 Private Practice, Bohman Clinic in Cuero, Texas", "2004-2015 Assistant Professor of Family Medicine , University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences", "2015-Present Staff Physician at University Health Services, UT Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Spradlin is an avid reading and an aspiring novelist. She loves to hike and backpack. She has a large organic vegetable garden and enjoys cooking what she grows. Dr. Spradlin lives in Austin with her husband and daughter", "+", "Tim Spradlin, MD", "Hometown:", "Austin, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Spradlin earned his BS in Microbiology from Stephen Fr. Austin State University in Nacogdoches, Texas in 1992. He earned his Doctor of Medicine in 1997 from The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, followed by a 3 year residency in Family Medicine at the University of Arkansas in Fort Smith, Arkansas", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "2000-2004 Private Practice, Bohman Clinic in Cuero, Texas", "2004-2015 Assistant Professor of Family Medicine , University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences", "2015-Present Staff Physician at University Health Services, UT Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Spradlin is passionate about long distance backpacking and mountaineering. In between trips, he spends his time focusing on nutrition and personal fitness, as well as spending time with his family. He lives in Austin with his wife and daughter", "+", "James Wen-Huang Tai, M.D", "Hometown:", "Ann Arbor, MI", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Tai earned his doctor of medicine in 1980 at the University of Michigan Inteflex Program, a combined pre-medical and medical school, in Ann Arbor. He completed his Internal Medicine residency in 1983 in at The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Internal Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1983 - 1985, Physician, Private Practice, Austin, TX", "1983 - Present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Tai is board certified in Internal Medicine, which means he cares for a diverse patient population with all kinds of problems ranging from minor illnesses and injuries to potentially serious problems and chronic conditions like asthma and diabetes. Here, he discusses why he chose medicine and what he likes about his vocation:", "\"I chose medicine because I felt it was a field that offered many options. General internal medicine combines my interests in science, the arts, and individuals and allows me to work in a variety of areas. Every day is a little different. Some cases need straightforward evidence-based decision making while others require less well-defined verbal and nonverbal practices. Working in a university environment involves constant change and is an ongoing learning experience. If you are thinking about a career in healthcare, I suggest exploring not only medical school but also nursing fields, advanced practice nursing programs, physician assistant programs, and pharmacy programs as they all play integral roles in healthcare now.\"", "Dr. Tai enjoys swimming, the outdoors, and spending time with friends and family. His wife is a gynecologist in Austin. They have four grown children", "+", "Shalini Tewari, M.D", "Hometown:", "New York, NY", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Tewari graduated from the Honors Program in Medical Education at the University of Miami School of Medicine, Miami, FL earning her M.D. degree in 1996. She served her residency in Internal Medicine at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center, Baltimore, M.D. from 1996-1999. She went on to complete a clinical Geriatrics fellowship at the former St. Vincents Catholic Medical Center in New York, NY from 2003-2004", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Internal Medicine and Geriatrics", "Professional Experience:", "1999-2002, Private Practice , Baltimore and Silver Springs, M.D", "2003-2004, Fellowship in Geriatric Medicine, St. Vincents Catholic Medical Center, New York, NY", "2005-2009, Private Practice, New York, NY, half time, Staff Physician at Fashion Institute of Technology, New York, NY, half time (returned to work from 8/10-12/10 in middle of maternity leave/stay at home mom period)", "2010-2012, Maternity Leave/Stay at home mom to twins with short return to work period", "2012-present, Staff Physician at University Health Services at the University of Texas in Austin", "Interests:", "Spending time with her twin preschoolers and seeing the world through their eyes. Working with and helping college students and appreciating their unique perspectives. Enjoying the flexibility in achieving a work/life balance that college health affords", "Urgent Care Clinic", "+", "Nicholas Pazarentzos Orthopedic Tech/MA II", "Education and Clinical Training:", "College", "Advanced EMT, Medical Assistant", "Practice Interests:", "Emergency medicine, college health", "Interest in College Health or Your Practice Philosophy", "Be there for others with integrity", "+", "Preston Gorman, PA-C", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Texas A&M University", "B.A. Speech Communication, Spanish minor", "1999-2004", "Baylor College of Medicine", "M.S. Physician Assistant Studies,", "2010-2012", "Certifications:", "NCCPA Board Certified Physician Assistant", "AHA Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS)", "AAP Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS)", "ACS Advanced Trauma Life Support (ATLS)", "Practice Interests:", "Preston Gorman's first career was in fire/ems - working for the Houston Fire Department as a firefighter/paramedic from 2005-2010. This sparked his interest in medicine and desire to become a physician assistant. After completing PA school, he has practiced in several different settings, including family practice, urgent care and ER. He also did a short stint in West Africa, in hospitals in Sierra Leone and Liberia with a humanitarian organization", "Interest in College Health or Your Practice Philosophy", "Having worked with a wide variety of patient populations, I enjoy being with a student population that has diverse backgrounds, and feel privileged to be part of their healthcare during a very formative part of their lives", "+", "Jennifer Sanchagrin, PA-C", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Jennifer Sanchagrin earned her B.S. in Biology at East Carolina University in 2008 and continued at East Carolina University to earn her Master's of Physician Assistant Studies (MPAS) in 2011", "Certifications:", "NCCPA Board Certified Physician Assistant", "American Academy of Physician Assistants (AAPA) Member", "AHA Basic Life Support (BLS) Instructor", "AHA Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS) Instructor", "Practice Interests:", "Jennifer Sanchagrin was employed as a U.S. Navy Physician Assistant for over 6 years, focusing mostly in Urgent Care and Women's Health", "Interest in College Health or Your Practice Philosophy", "Jennifer Sanchagrin has spent the last 6 years in the U.S. Navy working closely with a young adult patient population. She enjoys the patient education and preventative medicine that she can instill with the age group", "+", "David Vander Straten, M.D", "Hometown:", "Austin, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Vander Straten earned his bachelor of science in chemistry at Southwestern University in Georgetown, TX in 1989. After earning his doctor of medicine from the Texas A&M University College of Medicine in 1993, he completed his internship in Family Practice at the Naval Hospital in Charleston, SC in 1994. Dr. Vander Straten performed his residency training in Family Practice at the Jacksonville, FL Naval Hospital 1994-96, where he was selected Chief Resident during his final year", "Certifications:", "Board Certified by the American Board of Family Medicine", "Fellow of the American Academy of Family Physicians", "Professional Experience:", "1996-1999,  Staff Physician, Naval Hospital, Beaufort, SC", "1999-2001,  Assistant Professor, Department of Family Medicine, University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, TX", "2001-2003,  Urgent Care Physician, Euclid and Mentor, OH", "2003-2005,  Family Physician in Private Practice, Euclid, Mentor, and Garfield Heights, OH", "2005-2014,  Family Physician, CommUnityCare, Austin, TX", "2005-2011,  Chief Medical Officer, CommUnityCare, Austin, TX", "2014-Present, Staff Physician, Medical Director University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Vander Stratens wife is also a physician, so their two daughters have been blessed with lots of interesting supper table conversations through the years. He enjoy outdoor activities, including hunting and perfecting the fine art of throwing horseshoes", "Women's Health", "+", "Barbara Blizzard, RN, CNM", "Hometown:", "Lubbock, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ms. Blizzard earned her bachelor of science in nursing at The University of Texas at Austin in 1972. In 1974, she earned her master of science in nursing and nurse midwifery from the University of Mississippi in Jackson", "Certifications:", "American College of Nurse Midwives", "Professional Experience:", "1974 - 1987, Nurse Midwife, Various positions in St. Louis, Arkansas, and Austin", "1987 - Present, Nurse Practitioner, Women's Health Clinic, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "1994 - Present, Team Leader, Women's Health Clinic, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Ms. Blizzard enjoys spending time with her family and many pets. She is also an avid Lady Longhorn basketball fan", "+", "Amy Graf, RN, BSN, MSN, CNM", "Education and Clinical Training:", "St. Olaf College, Northfield, MN", "The University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC", "Yale University, New Haven, CT", "Certifications:", "Certified Nurse Midwife", "Interests:", "Reproductive health", "College is a pivotal time for many women. Taking control of their reproductive health is a right of passage, and how they make those decisions powerfully impacts many areas of their lives. I want Women's Health to be a safe place to ask questions, to admit to fears and uncertainties, and ultimately, to leave here with confidence in a way forward that feels right for them", "+", "Elena M. Martinez, RN, WHCNP-BC", "Education and Clinical Training:", "(1999) ADN Golden West College, Huntington Beach, CA", "(2003) WHCNP Certification  Harbor UCLA Medical Center, Torrance, CA", "Certifications:", "Board Certified as a Women's Health Care Nurse Practitioner by the National Certification Corporation since 2005", "Practice Interests:", "I have worked as a mother & baby nurse and public health nurse in special diseases, HIV/STD clinic. As a nurse practitioner, my focus has been in Obstetrics and Gynecology, Women's Health, and I have special training in colposcopy since 2009", "I particularly enjoy providing women's healthcare to the uninsured, marginalized population, as they often have healthcare needs that are not addressed", "Describe Your Interest in College Health or Your Practice Philosophy:", "I have a special interest in caring for women of all ages from puberty to menopause with my primary focus in prevention, health and wellness. I like college health because I enjoy teaching and providing patients with the necessary tools in making informed decisions about their health", "+", "Mariann Nielsen, WHNP-BC", "Education and Clinical Training:", "ADN Clinton Community College, Clinton, Iowa", "BSN UT Austin, Texas", "WHNP Certification UTSW, Dallas, Texas", "Certifications:", "Certified Womens Health Nurse Practitioner by NCC", "Lamaze childbirth instruction", "Baby care instruction", "Practice Interests", "Wellness and prevention are my primary focus when caring for women from puberty to menopause and throughout life. Stress management, nutrition, and an active lifestyle are important for whole health. There are many choices available for management of menses and contraception and my desires is to foster the best decision for each individual", "Interests in College Health:", "College aged women are better informed now than ever. Assisting women in making informed decisions regarding their health care is one of my goals. Alleviating any stress regarding the gynecology exam is very important to me. I do my best to foster an open dialogue in understanding our body and how best to care for the whole woman at this time of independence", "+", "Cindy McAllister, RNC, WHNP", "Hometown:", "Pearland, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ms. McAllister earned her bachelor of science in nursing from Texas Woman's University in 1976. She finished the Women's Health Care Nurse Practitioner Program at The University of Texas at Dallas in 1990", "Certifications:", "Certified as a Women's Healthcare Nurse Practitioner by the National Certification Corporation", "Professional Experience:", "1977 - 1987, Registered Nurse, Various Central Texas hospitals and clinics", "1987 - 1992, Public Health Nurse, Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, & Interim Director of Medical Services, Hays County Health Department, San Marcos, TX", "1992 - 1997, Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, Caring Center for Women, San Marcos, TX", "1997 - 2002, Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, Galveston County Health District 4C's Clinic, San Marcos, TX", "2002 - 2003, Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, Texas Gulf Coast Medical Group, Texas City, TX", "2004 - 2010, Maternal Child Specialist, WHNP, The University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, Texas", "2010 - Present, Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, Women's Health Clinic, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Ms. McAllister returned to Austin in 2010 with her husband after a 13-year detour to the Texas Gulf coast. She enjoys reconnecting with old friends and making new ones, listening to live music, gardening, cooking, reading, and spending time exploring nature.When asked to describe her experiences with college students, Ms. McAllister responded:", "\"I am impressed by how many students come to their visit with basic information regarding their symptoms, and I feel this helps them leave the visit with a stronger understanding of their diagnosis and plan of care. Educating patients about preventive healthcare is something I really enjoy - especially how nutrition, rest, stress, and how we cope affects our general well-being. I appreciate the students, and find helping them with their health concerns and identifying the many resources available to them quite rewarding.\"", "+", "Abby Wolaver, RN, MSN, NP-C", "Education and Clinical Training:", "BSN: University of New Mexico (2006)", "MSN: Frontier Nursing University (2011)", "Certifications:", "Certified as a Family Nurse Practitioner through the American Association of Nurse Practitioners", "Interests:", "I have worked as a labor and delivery nurse and in pediatrics. As a nurse practitioner, I am primarily interested in women's health and have worked in rural health clinics providing primary care and in obstetrics and gynecology", "I like college health because I enjoy teaching and like having the opportunity to help support students in learning about their own health", "Nutrition Services", "+", "Jennifer Barnoud, MS, RDN, LD", "Hometown:", "Amarillo, TX", "Education:", "Bachelor of Science in Nutrition and Food Science and Psychology - Middle Tennessee State University", "Master of Science in Clinical Nutrition - University of Memphis", "Certifications:", "Certified Eating Disorder Registered Dietitian", "Practice Interests:", "Mindful and Intuitive Eating", "Eating for Health Promotion", "Disordered Eating/Eating Disorders", "Nutrition Counseling", "Medical Nutrition Therapy", "Practice Philosophy", "Most people dont realize that the word vitamine was coined in 1912. In other words, we made it a long time knowing very little about the science behind our food. We know more than ever yet continue to struggle with our food choices and behaviors. Especially within college health, your relationship with food and your body has significant implications on your eating behaviors, health, weight, academic performance, and even your social life. I provide a nonjudgmental space to help you make sense of the abundant nutritional science and pseudoscience and develop an individualized eating plan that works best for you. Through ongoing nutrition counseling, I use intuitive eating and mindfulness based strategies to bring about true lifelong health that encompasses mind, body, and spirit. I am most concerned about your health and well-being and therefore maintain a non-diet, weight neutral treatment philosophy", "STI Screening Clinic", "+", "Krista Doabler, RN, BA", "Hometown:", "Millville, NJ", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Krista earned her Associate Degree in Nursing from Cumberland County College in NJ. She earned her Bachelor of Arts from Western State Colorado University in Psychology with a minor in Biology", "Certifications:", "Registered Nurse in State of Texas and State of Oregon", "Professional Experience:", "Prior to moving to Texas, Krista worked for two years as a school nurse. She also worked for Planned Parenthood of Southwestern Oregon for 12 years as the lead RN. During her years at Planned Parenthood she developed knowledge and skills to become an advocate for sexual and reproductive health", "Interests:", "Krista enjoys spending her free time outdoors. She loves skiing, hiking, mountain biking and camping. She is also an avid reader who loves traveling to the places she's read about", "+", "Debbie Riggs, MSN, RN", "Hometown:", "Grafton, WV", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Debbie attended West Virginia Alderson Broaddus University to obtain her Bachelors in Nursing. She then went to West Virginia University where she received her Masters in Nursing. Obtained enhanced Competencies in STI Screening and counseling", "License/Certification:", "Debbie has her RN license, CPR certification, and her MSN", "Professional Experience:", "Debbie has a wide range of nursing experience from the Veteran Affairs Hospital, Bostons Children Hospital, and Emergency Room and ICU at the Medical Center of North Carolina. For 23 years she taught Pediactric ICU at WVU School of Nursing. She has experience in school nursing and has been with University Health Services Urgent Care Clinic since 1993", "Interests:", "Debbie likes to garden. She also loves to work with her daughters horse", "STI Clinic:", "Debbie likes working in the STI clinic because she enjoys the comprehensive care and teaching. She is an advocate for sexual health and believe the STI Screening Clinic is a unique opportunity for students to obtain STI screening and risk reduction counseling", "+", "Dian Peavey, BSN, RN", "Hometown:", "Houston, Texas", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Bachelors of Science in Nursing from the University of Texas. Obtained enhanced Competencies in STI Screening and counseling", "License/Certification:", "Licensed Registered Nurse, CPR Certification, Certification from Biofeedback Certification Institute of America- Senior Fellow", "Professional Experience:", "Dian has a wide range of experience ranging from hospital medical surgical, and telemetry nursing, to emergency room and Urgent Care. She obtained her certification in Biofeedback and taught self-regulation techniques for chronic pain and pelvic floor rehabilitation at St David, and in various outpatient settings. Dian has worked at University Health Services for 11 years and currently manages the Urgent Care, Sports Medicine, and STI Screening Clinics", "Interests:", "Dian enjoys gardening and outdoor activities, including swimming, biking, and hiking. She loves to travel, and her newest interest is birding and studying bird calls", "STI Clinic:", "Dian is a strong supporter of access to confidential STI Screening. The clinic provides a unique opportunity for students to easily obtain STI Screening and risk reduction counseling", "Allergy Immunization Clinic", "+", "Katie Goode, BSN, RN", "Education and Clinical Training:", "The University of Texas at Austin, BSN", "Certifications:", "RN", "Interests:", "Practice safely and with excellence", "+", "Ericka Holmes, LVN", "Hometown:", "Austin, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ericka received her Vocational Nursing license from Austin Community College in 2003", "Certifications:", "LVN, Board of Nurse Examiners for the State of Texas", "BLS Instructor, American Heart Association", "Professional Experience:", "2003 - 2007, Licensed Vocational Nurse, Dr. Geoffrey Erwin Obstetrician-Gynecologist", "2007 - 2008, Licensed Vocational Nurse, Renaissance Womans Group Obstetrician-Gynecology", "2008 - Present, Licensed Vocational Nurse in General Medicine and Allergy and Immunizations, University Health Services - UT Austin", "Interests:", "Married for over 16 years, the mother of three, loves spending time with her family, especially with her two granddaughters. In addition, she strongly believes that one can never do enough dancing in ones lifetime. So dance, dance, dance", "+", "Charlotte Katzin, RN, BSN", "Hometown:", "Litchfield, CT", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Bachelor of Science, Nursing, Cum Laude, Duke University, Durham, North Carolina", "Certifications:", "RN, Board of Nurse Examiners for the State of Texas", "Certificate in Travel Health from the International Society of Travel Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1985-1987, Nursing Supervisor/Patient Care Coordinator - Anderson Parker Inc. Austin, Texas", "1987 - 2003, RN Team Leader - Family Practice - Austin Regional Clinic - Austin, Texas", "2003 - Present, RN Nurse Manager - Allergy/Immunization Clinic - University Health Services - UT Austin", "Interests:", "Charlotte enjoys sports and physical activities. During the last 15 years she has enjoyed mountain biking, juggling, geocaching, volleyball, tennis, and swimming in Barton Springs. She has completed five sprint distance triathlons", "Charlotte's words of encouragement to nursing students, \"I have never regretted my decision to go into nursing\" are heartfelt. Whether it was working in geriatrics, community health, visiting nursing, college health, or caring for her aging parents, Charlotte has felt passionate and committed to her work as a nurse", "Physical Therapy Clinic", "+", "Hannah J. Bennett, PT, DPT, CSCS, CET, CIDN", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Hannah attended the University of Toledo in Toledo, OH from 2004 until 2008 where she earned her Bachelor of Science in Exercise Science. She attended the University of Alabama at Birmingham in Birmingham, AL from 2009-2011 to obtain her Doctorate Degree in Physical Therapy. She plans to finish her MBA from the Texas A&M University Central in Killeen, TX in December 2018. Hannah came to Texas in February 2012 to begin her PT career in Round Rock, TX as an orthopedic outpatient physical therapist", "Certifications:", "PT: Physical Therapist", "DPT: Doctor of Physical Therapy", "CSCS: Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (NSCA)", "CET: Certified Cancer Exercise Trainer (ACSM)", "CIDN: Certified Integrative Dry Needling", "Practice Interests:", "Dry Needling, Myofascial Decompression (cupping), Orthopedics", "Interests:", "Pain limits function; the goal of physical therapy is to eliminate pain and restore maximal function. I use a process of immediate pain control followed by movement restoration to address pain induced functional deficits. Reteaching the body and the mind to restore movement and maximize strength is key", "+", "Emily Gonzales, PT, DPT", "Hometown:", "Little Rock, AR", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Emily attended the University of Central Arkansas from fall 2002 until the spring of 2009. During this time she earned her Bachelor Degree in Health Sciences and her Doctorate Degree in Physical Therapy. Emily then headed to Texas to begin her PT career at an outpatient facility in Killeen", "Certifications:", "Licensed Physical Therapist", "Professional Experience:", "2014-2015: Physical Therapist, Austin Physical Therapy Specialists 2013-2014:Physical Therapist, Westminster Manor Retirement Community", "2011-2013: Physical Therapist, Hinman and Associates", "2009-2013: Physical Therapist, Metroplex Hospital Outpatient and Rehabilitation Center", "2015-present: Manager, UHS Physical Therapy Department", "Interests:", "When not enthralled in a book or eating anything grape flavored, Emily will often find herself outdoors or on a road trip. She and her husband enjoy traveling Texas with their dogs. However, she is still drawn to and passionate about the many mountains and rivers in her native Arkansas", "Emily believes in educating patients about their treatment and clarifying any concerns that may arise. Her open and honest nature cultivates relationships full of trust and cooperation from both patients and peers. She understands that a complete recovery is a united effort, and will require more hands than just her own", "+", "Scarlett Gonzalez, PTA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Graduated South University in Austin Texas from their physical therapist assistant program, received license in April of 2017", "Practice Interests:", "Manual therapy, soft tissue mobilization, exercises science, orthopedics and neuro-rehab", "Interests:", "I understand how it feels to not be able to do a hobby/activity due to pain. I believe no one should have to give up a certain level of living due pain or impairment. My goal is bring all my patients to their highest level of function", "Sports Medicine Clinic", "+", "Patrick List, M.D", "Hometown:", "Cincinnati, OH", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. List earned his bachelor of science in chemistry from the University of Cincinnati, and in 2000, received his doctorate in medicine from the Medical College of Ohio in Toledo. He completed his internal medicine residency at the University of Maryland in 2003 followed by a primary care sports medicine fellowship in 2005 at the American Sports Medicine Institute", "Certifications:", "Board Certified, American Board of Internal Medicine", "Board Certified, Sports Medicine", "Certified Clinical Densitometrist", "Professional Experience:", "1991 - 1997, Ohio Army National Guard, MASH Unit", "2003 - 2004, Chief Resident/Faculty Member, Internal Medicine, Fraklin Square Hospital, Baltimore, M.D", "2005 - 2007, Internal Medicine, Bayview Physicians, Virginia Beach, VA", "2007 - 2010, Sports Medicine, Slocum Orthopedics and Sports Medicine, Eugene, OR", "Interests:", "Dr. List likes sports of all types, especially soccer. He also enjoys fishing and gardening", "+", "Robin Merket, M.D", "Hometown:", "New York, NY", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Merket earned her bachelor of science in biology 1991 from Angelo State University in San Angelo, TX. In 1996, she earned her doctor of medicine from The University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston. She served her residency in Family Practice through the University of Oklahoma at Tulsa in 1999, and followed up the next year with a fellowship in Sports Medicine at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Medicine", "Board Certified in Sports Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1999 - 2000, Team Physician Coverage, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN", "1999 - 2000, Team Physician Coverage for Carson-Newman College, Jefferson City, TN", "2001 - 2005, Physician, Southeast Texas Medical Associates, Beaumont, TX", "2002 - 2005, Team Physician, Lamar University, Beaumont, TX", "2003, Physician Coverage, Houston Shell Open Golf Tournament, Houston, TX", "2004, Medical Tent Coverage, Ironman Triathlon World Championship, Kona, HI", "2005 - Present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Merket's hobbies include softball, cycling, triathlon and travel", "Integrated Health", "+", "Elana Bizer, LCSW", "Hometown:", "Philadelphia, PA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ms. Bizer earned her bachelor of arts in journalism from Temple University in 1990. She then attended the Institute for Integrative Nutrition where she completed her health counseling certificate in 2003. She earned her masters of science in social work from the University of Texas, Austin in 2007", "Licensure:", "Licensed Mental Health Social Worker, State of Texas", "Professional Experience:", "Ms. Bizer was a journalist for fifteen years before she transitioned to working as a health counselor and psychotherapist. She continues to write and publish on topics concerning health and wellness", "2005 - 2006, Counselor/MSSW Intern at Communities in Schools, Austin, TX", "2007, Therapist/MSSW Intern, Capital Area Mental Health Center, Austin, TX", "2008, Clinical Social Worker at People's Community Clinic, Austin, TX", "2006 - Present, Clinical Social Worker, University Health Services, University of Texas, Austin", "Interests:", "Ms. Bizer is interested in the inter-relationship between emotional and physical health and enjoys working with individuals to facilitate wellness on both levels. She utilizes a client-centered, mindfulness-based style of counseling which incorporates psychodynamic, cognitive-behavioral, relational, and mind-body approaches. Outside of work, Ms. Bizer is passionate about all things involving food (including cooking, blogging about nutrition, and, of course, eating). In addition, she enjoys yoga, art, hiking, and traveling overseas", "+", "Kate Czar, PhD", "Hometown:", "Schnecksville, PA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Kate completed a B.A. in Psychology at Millersville University (2005) and a Ph.D. in Counseling Psychology at The University of Southern Mississippi (2012). Her clinical training has included experience in various settings, such as residential substance abuse and dependence treatment, outpatient behavioral medicine (with an emphasis on pain management), and university counseling centers", "Certifications:", "Licensed Psychologist, Texas", "Professional Experience:", "2013 - Present, Integrated Health Psychologist, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Kate enjoys working with diverse students with various presenting concerns. She is particularly interested in anxiety management, substance-related issues, grief and loss, LGBTQ identity exploration, and a holistic view of health and wellness. She values the use of mindfulness, relaxation, and strength-based approaches in therapy. Her goal is to help students empower themselves to live happier, healthier lives", "Beyond her professional life, Kate is a huge animal-lover, is passionate about plants and the environment, and loves enjoying all that the amazing city of Austin has to offer. She adores traveling and being exposed to new cultures and people. She also loves movies, music, eating, and playing various sports", "+", "Karl Chiang", "Integrated Health Counselor", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ph.D., Counseling Psychology, University of Denver", "Certifications:", "Licensed Psychologist, Massachusetts", "Credentialed Health Service Psychologist, National Register of Health Service Psychologists", "Interests:", "Provides individual and group therapy and is part of the Integrated Health Program, a collaboration between CMHC and UHS. Provides counseling and referral services to students in UHS general medicine clinics, as well as leading Integrated Health classes, and trains interns and practicum students. Is especially interested in health psychology, mindfulness based interventions, cognitive behavioral therapy, motivational interviewing, post traumatic growth, health behavior change, coping with illness, quality of life, integrating behavioral health in primary care settings, health disparities, psychometrics, support groups for chronic conditions, readjusting after living/studying abroad, and sexual harassment/assault prevention. In his personal time, Karl enjoys running, cycling, backpacking, skiing, whitewater kayaking, rock climbing and playing the guitar", "+", "Geeti S. Mahajan", "Integrated Health Counselor", "Education and Clinical Training:", "2011, Master of Social Work, Washington University in St. Louis", "2011, Master of Public Health, Washington University in St. Louis", "Certifications:", "Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Texas", "Interests:", "Provides individual counseling and co-leads groups through the Integrated Health Program, a collaboration between CMHC and UHS. Geetis approach is rooted in mindfulness based modalities such as Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT), while also emphasizing mind/body/spirit connection through somatic and expressive arts practices drawn from yoga traditions. She is undergoing certification as a Professional Yoga Therapist and has enjoyed facilitating specialty yoga groups as part of the CMHC group offerings. Geeti enjoys being in nature, dancing, and spending time with family and friends", "+", "Cary Tucker, RN, LCSW", "Hometown:", "San Antonio, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "1983, Bachelors of Science in Nursing, The University of Texas at Austin", "2001, Masters of Science in Social Work, The University of Texas at Austin", "Licensure:", "Licensed Clinical Social Worker, State of Texas Registered Nurse, State of Texas", "Professional Experience:", "The University of Texas at Austin Counseling and Mental Health Center, 2011- Present Associate Director, 2006-2011 Program Director for Integrated Health", "Interests:", "Trained in Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction, The Center for Mindfulness in Medicine, Health Care, and Society at the University of Massachusetts Medical School. Areas of interest include mindfulness and psychotherapy, meditation, yoga, humor, spirituality, and a holistic approach to health and healing", "$(function() {  $(\".expand\").on( \"click\", function() {    $(this).next().slideToggle(200);    $expand = $(this).find(\">:first-child\");        if($expand.text() == \"+\") {      $expand.text(\"-\");    } else {      $expand.text(\"+\");    }  });});    // Init controller/*var controller = new ScrollMagic.Controller({  globalSceneOptions: {    duration: $('section').height(),    triggerHook: .025,    reverse: true  }});*//*object to hold href values of links inside our nav withthe class '.anchor-nav'scene_object = {  '[scene-name]' : {    '[target-scene-id]' : '[anchor-href-value]'  }}*//*var scenes = {  'scene2': {    'section-1': 'anchor1'  },  'scene3': {    'section-2': 'anchor2'  },  'scene4': {    'section-3': 'anchor3'  }}for(var key in scenes) {  // skip loop if the property is from prototype  if (!scenes.hasOwnProperty(key)) continue;  var obj = scenes[key];  for (var prop in obj) {    // skip loop if the property is from prototype    if(!obj.hasOwnProperty(prop)) continue;    new ScrollMagic.Scene({ triggerElement: '#' + prop })        .setClassToggle('#' + obj[prop], 'active')        .addTo(controller);  }}*/// Change behaviour of controller// to animate scroll instead of jump/*controller.scrollTo(function(target) {  TweenMax.to(window, 0.5, {    scrollTo : {      y : target,      autoKill : true // Allow scroll position to change outside itself    },    ease : Cubic.easeInOut  });});*///  Bind scroll to anchor links using Vanilla JavaScript/*var anchor_nav = document.querySelector('.anchor-nav');anchor_nav.addEventListener('click', function(e) {  var target = e.target,      id     = target.getAttribute('href');  if(id !== null) {    if(id.length > 0) {      e.preventDefault();      controller.scrollTo(id);      if(window.history && window.history.pushState) {        history.pushState(\"\", document.title, id);      }    }  }});*//*  * Bind scroll to anchor links using jQuery$(document).on(\"click\", \"a[href^=#]\", function(e) {  var id = $(this).attr(\"href\");  if($(id).length > 0) {    e.preventDefault();    // trigger scroll    controller.scrollTo(id);    // If supported by the browser we can also update the URL    if (window.history && window.history.pushState) {      history.pushState(\"\", document.title, id);    }  }});*/"]}}, {"_index": "documents", "_type": "document", "_id": "WV1pBGcBqJv28U2GIqga", "_score": 5.154222, "_source": {"name": "uhs_meet_index", "num_lines": 683, "content": ["UHS Leadership", "Melinda McMichael, M.D", "Interim Executive Director/Chief Medical Officer", "Elisa Spradlin, M.D", "Interim Assistant Chief Medical Officer", "Kathy Mosteller", "Associate Director for Nursing and Clinical Operations", "Susan Hochman", "Associate Director for Assessment, Communications, and Health Information Technology", "Katy Redd", "Associate Director for Prevention, Development, and Media Relations", "Terri Bohuslav", "Associate Director for Business and Finance", "Brittany O'Malley", "Assistant Director for Prevention", "Neeta Bhakta", "Interim Assistant Director for Ancillary Services", "Robert Reed", "Assistant Director for Health Information Technology Services", "University Health Services Staff", "General Medicine", "+", "Stephen Blair, M.D", "Hometown:", "Amarillo, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Blair earned his bachelor of science in chemistry in 1986 at West Texas State University in Canyon (now West Texas A&M University). In 1994, he completed his doctor of medicine degree from the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston followed by a three-year internship and residency with the Central Texas Medical Foundation", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Practice", "Professional Experience:", "1997-2005, Private Practice, South Austin Medical Clinic, Austin, TX", "2005-2012, Private Practice, Capital Family Practice, Austin, TX", "2011-2014, Staff Physician (part-time), CommUnity Care Clinics, Austin, TX", "2012-2013, Private Practice, Premier Family Physicians, Austin, TX", "2014-present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Blair likes to engage in a collaborative approach to medical care, especially in the cases of chronic conditions where multiple treatment options are available. He enjoys the small victories as much or more than the more obvious, made-for-TV successes. Dr. Blair appreciates the complexity and ambiguity that makes each person unique", "When not practicing medicine, Dr. Blair enjoys spending time with his wife, two children, and the family dogs. He also enjoys cycling and hiking, and the occasional fly fishing trip", "+", "Ginger Bloomer, M.D", "Hometown:", "Texas, USA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Bloomer earned her bachelor of arts in anthropology at The University of Texas at Austin in 1984. In 1990, she earned her doctor of medicine from The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio. From 1990 to 1993, she served her residency in Family Practice at Providence Hospital in Seattle, WA", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Practice", "Professional Experience:", "1992 - 1993, Staff Physician, Student Health Center; Seattle University; Seattle, WA", "1992 - 1993, Staff Physician, Therapeutic Health Services; Drug Rehabilitation Program; Seattle, WA", "1993 - 2002, Primary Care Physician; University Family Health Center - Southeast; San Antonio, TX; also served as Director of Quality", "2002 - Present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Bloomer helps students reach their potential by encouraging healthful lifestyle choices. She has an interest in students with anxiety, depression, and GLBTQ issues as well as in general medical practice", "+", "Monique Cortez, M.D", "Hometown:", "Corpus Christi, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Cortez earned her bachelor of science in zoology here at the University of Texas at Austin in 1994. In 1999 she earned her doctor of medicine from the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston followed by a three-year residency in family medicine at the Waco Family Medicine Residency Program in Waco, Texas.fadeInUp", "Certifications:", "Board Certified In Family Practice", "Licensed to practice medicine in Texas", "Professional Experience:", "June 2012-June 2013, Staff Physician, Texas State University, San Marcos, Texas", "May 2011-May 2012, Physician Advisor, Executive Health Resources, Philadelphia, PA", "May 2011-May 2012, Urgent Care Physician Austin Regional Clinic, Austin, TX", "August 2002-May 2011 Primary Care Physician, Austin Regional Clinic, Austin, TX", "2013 - Present, General Medicine Physician, University Health Services, University of Texas, Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Cortez finds the challenges and opportunities of working with a university population very rewarding. She enjoys educating students about their health and the opportunities they have to establish habits that will help them live healthier, happier, longer lives", "When students ask about a career in medicine, she recommends a strong foundation in science, but also that the student find a creative outlet for his/her own personal expression. The stresses and challenges that come with a health professions career can best be met with a healthy heart and brain, \"Don't forget to take care of yourself because only by taking care of your whole self can you fully care for others\". Creative outlets maintain life balance and contribute to not only mental health but also to physical health and a sense of well-being", "Dr. Cortez loves to runs marathons on road and trail, cook, garden and bike, is an author as well as an actor, has been known to make really cool cupcakes for friends and family, makes her own infused salts and sugars, and makes a fabulous pepper jelly that her family loves. She lives In Austin with her husband and their four legged family members", "+", "Tara Cutler, MHS, PA-C", "Hometown:", "Miami, FL", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Tara earned her bachelor of science in biology in 2001 at Idaho State University in Pocatello. In 2003, she earned her master's degree in health science - Physician Assistant at Lock Haven University in Pennsylvania", "Certifications:", "Certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)", "Certified in Advanced Life Support", "Professional Experience:", "2004 - 2006, Physician Assistant, Internal Medicine, Southwest Medical Associates, Las Vegas, NV", "2006 - Present, Staff Physician Assistant, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Tara enjoys traveling, playing sports (especially softball) and spending time with family and friends", "+", "Amy Friggle, MS PA- C", "Hometown:", "Midland/Odessa, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Oklahoma Christian 1994-1997 Biology major", "University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center Physician Associate Program December 1999", "Certifications:", "National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)    Texas Board Physician Assistant License    CPR certified", "Interests:", "Amy Friggle's practice focus has been primary care which translates into caring for the whole person. Her work has been in urgent care, men and women's health, STI prevention and treatment, anxiety/ depression", "A university population is a wonderful opportunity to educate students on good self-care and health habits for life. My hope is that any student who has medical concerns, health issues or questions will contact University Health Services and see how we can help. That is what we are all here for! Healthy Horns Up!", "+", "Ellen Elmore, M.D", "Hometown:", "Greenwood, SC", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Elmore earned her bachelors in biology with honors from Lander College, Greenwood, SC in 1987, after which she entered the Medical University of South Carolina to earn her M.D. in 1991. She served her internship and residency until 1994 at Memorial Mission Hospital in Asheville, NC, where she was selected to serve as Chief Resident 1993-1994", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1994-2003, Family Physician (Chair, Dept. of Family Practice 1998-1999), Kauai Medical Clinic, Lihue, HI", "2005, Roving Locums Physician, Western Australia Medical Association, Perth, Australia", "2005-2006, Kalaheo Medical Clinic in Kalaheo, HI, Esaki Family Practice Kapaa, HI", "2006-2007, Physician, Zuni Comprehensive Health Center, Indian Health Service, Zuni, NM", "2006-2008, Cruise Ship Physician, Princess Cruise Lines and Quark Expeditions (polar tours)", "2008, Locums Physician, Alaska Native Health System, Maniilaq Hospital in Kotzebue, AK, Mt Edgecumbe Hospital/ South East Alaska Regional Health Consortium (SEARHC) in Sitka, AK, Juneau SEARHC, Ethel Lund Medical Center in Juneau, AK, Klawock SEARHC, Alicia Roberts Medical Center in Klawock, AK, Indian/Public Health Service in Supai, AZ", "2008-2013, Staff Physician, (Medical Director 2009-2011), Maniilaq Hospital, Kotzebue, AK", "2012-2013, Physician, Balcones Woods Family Medicine in Austin, TX", "2013-present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "At UT, Dr. Elmore enjoys helping students learn to navigate the medical system and take control of their own health. She strives to help students become advocates for their health issues and to make wise health care choices. While she wishes she had a magic wand that could banish illness with a wave, instead she helps students stay healthy by emphasizing wellness & prevention", "Dr. Elmore loves to travel and has been to all seven continents. She has a special affinity for Norway as she has family there, and for Australia, as she lived there for more than two years. She loves to play outside, do yoga, swim, attend theater productions, and listen to live music. She rides her bike to work most days. Dr. Elmore loves to read and thinks about trying her hand at writing. She is also a filmmaker and enjoys watching films for inspiration. Look for her at ACL, SXSW and film festivals that come through town", "+", "Jill Grimes, M.D. FAAFP", "Hometown:", "San Antonio, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Grimes was a Presidential Endowed Scholar at Texas A&M University, earning a BA in biology with a minor in Spanish in 1987. She earned her MD at Baylor College of Medicine in 1991, and then completed her three-year residency training for family medicine here in Austin", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1994 - 1996, Private Practice, Travis Physician Associates, Austin, TX", "1996 - 2001, Private Practice, Partners in Health MDPA, Austin, TX", "2000 - Present, Clinical Instructor, UMASS Medical School", "2008 - Present, Multi-Media Medical Expert, Online, Print, Radio, TV", "2009 - Present, Associate Editor, 5-Minute Clinical Consult Textbook", "2002 - 2012, Private Practice, West Lake Family Practice", "2013 - Present, Staff Physician, UT Austin University Health Services, Austin, TX", "Interests:", "Dr. Grimes is passionate about prevention and, as a family physician her practical advice covers all ages, genders, and body parts. She educates patients and students by sharing stories and accurate medical information in a non-judgmental fashion. Outside of medicine, Dr. Grimes especially enjoys outdoor recreation such as hiking, biking, kayaking, and boating - especially when she can escape to cooler climates in the mountains", "+", "Sherry Guyton, FNP-BC", "Hometown:", "ARichmond, VA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ms. Guyton earned her bachelor of liberal sciences in child development in 1983 at St. Edward's University in Austin, and her bachelor of science in nursing in 1987 at The University of Texas at Austin. In 1994, she earned her master of science in nursing at The University of Texas at Austin with an emphasis in Community Health and counseling. She completed the Family Nurse Practitioner post-master's program at The University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston in 1997", "Certifications:", "Certified by the American Nurses Credentialing Center as an Advanced Practice Nurse and a Family Nurse Practitioner", "Professional Experience:", "1987 - 1989, Staff Nurse in Labor and Delivery, Post-Partum and Newborn Nursery, Georgetown Community Hospital, Georgetown, TX", "1989 - 1996, Director of Health Services, Southwestern University, Georgetown, TX", "1994 - 1995, Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner (SANE), St. David's and Brackenridge Hospitals, Austin, TX", "1998 - 2004, Family Nurse Practitioner, Private practices in the Austin area", "2002 - 2004, Family Nurse Practitioner/Manager, Round Rock Health Clinic, Round Rock, TX", "2004 - Present, Family Nurse Practitioner, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "2007 - Present, Electronic Health Record Developer and Trainer, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "In July of 2007, Ms. Guyton began working with the IT department at UHS to develop electronic forms and to train UHS providers for a transition from paper charting to electronic health records. She still works in the clinics, and says she chose University Health Services because \"I love working with college students and I love UT!\" She enjoys spending time reading, doing woodworking, working with stained glass, and spending time with her friends, children, and grandchildren", "+", "Karen Hickey, FNP-C", "Hometown:", "Houston, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ms. Hickey earned her bachelor of science in nursing at The University of Texas at Austin in 1995. In 2002, she earned her master of science in nursing from The University of Texas at Austin", "Certifications:", "Certified through the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners", "Professional Experience:", "2002 - 2004, Nurse Practitioner, Internal Medicine, Private Practice, San Marcos, TX", "2004 - 2011, Nurse Practitioner, Family Practice, Round Rock, TX", "2011 - Present, Nurse Practitioner, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Karen's interests beyond practicing medicine include gardening, boating, yoga and travel", "+", "Nicole Lackowski, PA-C", "Hometown:", "Houston, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Nicole earned her bachelor of science in 1995 at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL. In 1997, she earned her master's degree in science and her certificate in physician assistant studies at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, TX", "Certifications:", "Certified by the National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA)", "Professional Experience:", "1997 - 2005, Physician Assistant, Oster Boulevard Family Practice, Bryan, TX", "2006 - Present, Staff Physician Assistant, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Nicole is married with two children and a dog. She loves swimming and spending time with family and friends", "+", "Karen Lee, M.D", "Hometown:", "San Francisco, CA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Lee earned her bachelor of science in biochemistry in 1973 at the University of California at Davis. In 1977, she earned her doctor of medicine at the University of California at Davis School of Medicine. She served her residency from 1977 to 1980 in Internal Medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, TX", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Internal Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1977 - 1978, Clinical Instructor, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX", "1978 - 1981, Physician, Private Practice, Austin, TX", "1981 - Present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Lee enjoys the practice of college health because of the university environment, the opportunity to balance family and career, and especially the students", "+", "Melinda McMichael, M.D", "Hometown:", "Hutchinson, KS", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. McMichael earned her bachelor of science in chemical science in 1975 at Kansas State University in Manhattan, KS. In 1978, she earned her doctor of medicine from the University of Kansas Medical School in Kansas City. She served her residency from 1978 to 1982 in Internal Medicine at The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Internal Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1981 - 1982, Chief Resident, Internal Medicine, The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio", "1987 - 1991 and 1998 - 2000, Medical Director, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "1982 - Present, Staff Physcian, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "In addition to practicing medicine, Dr. McMichael enjoys traveling, reading, gardening, and spending time with her family. In 2007, she was appointed to the Texas Medical Board for a six-year term. Dr. McMichael observes: Most college students ask intelligent questions and want to be involved in their evaluation and treatment. Some doctors might find it uncomfortable to be challenged by their patients on a regular basis, but I think it has made me a better, more thoughtful doctor. The wide variety of medical problems in college students is both intellectually interesting and satisfying to treat because students generally listen and follow through with treatment plans -- or at least want to discuss it if they decide not to! In addition, caring for college students has given me the opportunity to make a difference by helping students recognize poor health habits and intervene early to prevent long-term chronic illness", "+", "Megan Squibb Ream, MS,PA-C", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Skidmore College, Saratoga Springs, NY", "Bachelor of Arts Biology-Chemistry", "1990-1994", "The University of New England, Biddeford, ME", "Masters of Health Science and Physician Assistant Cetification 1996-1998", "Medical School:", "The University of New England, Biddeford, ME", "Residency/Internship:", "UT Southwestern in Austin for Family Medicine", "Certifications:", "Physician Assistant Certified 1998-Present", "Practice Interests:", "Education, health promotion, acute care", "Practice Philosophy:", "I believe in patient education, promote a healthy lifestyle, and empower patients to seek the care they need to function at their highest level", "+", "Ismael Rivera, MD", "Hometown:", "Houston, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "I received my BS in Forensic Science from Baylor University in 2005. I graduated from UTMB in 2011 and started my Family Medicine residency here in Austin that same year", "Medical School:", "University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston", "Residency/Internship:", "UT Southwestern in Austin for Family Medicine", "Certifications:", "Family Medicine", "Practice Interests:", "I decided to go into Family Medicine because I liked the diversity as well as the challenges of taking care of individuals across a broad range of ages as well as backgrounds", "Practice Philosophy:", "In general I approach each encounter as a chance to collaborate with the patient to help them become active participants in their health care", "+", "Elisa Spradlin, MD", "Hometown:", "Austin, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Spradlin earned her BA in Zoology @ UT Austin in 1991. She earned her Doctor of Medicine in 1997 from The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, followed by a 3 year residency in Family Medicine at the University of Arkansas in Fort Smith, Arkansas. She earned a Masters in Arts in Creative Writing from the University of Southern Maine in 2008", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "2000-2004 Private Practice, Bohman Clinic in Cuero, Texas", "2004-2015 Assistant Professor of Family Medicine , University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences", "2015-Present Staff Physician at University Health Services, UT Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Spradlin is an avid reading and an aspiring novelist. She loves to hike and backpack. She has a large organic vegetable garden and enjoys cooking what she grows. Dr. Spradlin lives in Austin with her husband and daughter", "+", "Tim Spradlin, MD", "Hometown:", "Austin, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Spradlin earned his BS in Microbiology from Stephen Fr. Austin State University in Nacogdoches, Texas in 1992. He earned his Doctor of Medicine in 1997 from The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, followed by a 3 year residency in Family Medicine at the University of Arkansas in Fort Smith, Arkansas", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "2000-2004 Private Practice, Bohman Clinic in Cuero, Texas", "2004-2015 Assistant Professor of Family Medicine , University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences", "2015-Present Staff Physician at University Health Services, UT Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Spradlin is passionate about long distance backpacking and mountaineering. In between trips, he spends his time focusing on nutrition and personal fitness, as well as spending time with his family. He lives in Austin with his wife and daughter", "+", "James Wen-Huang Tai, M.D", "Hometown:", "Ann Arbor, MI", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Tai earned his doctor of medicine in 1980 at the University of Michigan Inteflex Program, a combined pre-medical and medical school, in Ann Arbor. He completed his Internal Medicine residency in 1983 in at The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Internal Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1983 - 1985, Physician, Private Practice, Austin, TX", "1983 - Present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Tai is board certified in Internal Medicine, which means he cares for a diverse patient population with all kinds of problems ranging from minor illnesses and injuries to potentially serious problems and chronic conditions like asthma and diabetes. Here, he discusses why he chose medicine and what he likes about his vocation:", "\"I chose medicine because I felt it was a field that offered many options. General internal medicine combines my interests in science, the arts, and individuals and allows me to work in a variety of areas. Every day is a little different. Some cases need straightforward evidence-based decision making while others require less well-defined verbal and nonverbal practices. Working in a university environment involves constant change and is an ongoing learning experience. If you are thinking about a career in healthcare, I suggest exploring not only medical school but also nursing fields, advanced practice nursing programs, physician assistant programs, and pharmacy programs as they all play integral roles in healthcare now.\"", "Dr. Tai enjoys swimming, the outdoors, and spending time with friends and family. His wife is a gynecologist in Austin. They have four grown children", "+", "Shalini Tewari, M.D", "Hometown:", "New York, NY", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Tewari graduated from the Honors Program in Medical Education at the University of Miami School of Medicine, Miami, FL earning her M.D. degree in 1996. She served her residency in Internal Medicine at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center, Baltimore, M.D. from 1996-1999. She went on to complete a clinical Geriatrics fellowship at the former St. Vincents Catholic Medical Center in New York, NY from 2003-2004", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Internal Medicine and Geriatrics", "Professional Experience:", "1999-2002, Private Practice , Baltimore and Silver Springs, M.D", "2003-2004, Fellowship in Geriatric Medicine, St. Vincents Catholic Medical Center, New York, NY", "2005-2009, Private Practice, New York, NY, half time, Staff Physician at Fashion Institute of Technology, New York, NY, half time (returned to work from 8/10-12/10 in middle of maternity leave/stay at home mom period)", "2010-2012, Maternity Leave/Stay at home mom to twins with short return to work period", "2012-present, Staff Physician at University Health Services at the University of Texas in Austin", "Interests:", "Spending time with her twin preschoolers and seeing the world through their eyes. Working with and helping college students and appreciating their unique perspectives. Enjoying the flexibility in achieving a work/life balance that college health affords", "Urgent Care Clinic", "+", "Nicholas Pazarentzos Orthopedic Tech/MA II", "Education and Clinical Training:", "College", "Advanced EMT, Medical Assistant", "Practice Interests:", "Emergency medicine, college health", "Interest in College Health or Your Practice Philosophy", "Be there for others with integrity", "+", "Preston Gorman, PA-C", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Texas A&M University", "B.A. Speech Communication, Spanish minor", "1999-2004", "Baylor College of Medicine", "M.S. Physician Assistant Studies,", "2010-2012", "Certifications:", "NCCPA Board Certified Physician Assistant", "AHA Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS)", "AAP Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS)", "ACS Advanced Trauma Life Support (ATLS)", "Practice Interests:", "Preston Gorman's first career was in fire/ems - working for the Houston Fire Department as a firefighter/paramedic from 2005-2010. This sparked his interest in medicine and desire to become a physician assistant. After completing PA school, he has practiced in several different settings, including family practice, urgent care and ER. He also did a short stint in West Africa, in hospitals in Sierra Leone and Liberia with a humanitarian organization", "Interest in College Health or Your Practice Philosophy", "Having worked with a wide variety of patient populations, I enjoy being with a student population that has diverse backgrounds, and feel privileged to be part of their healthcare during a very formative part of their lives", "+", "Jennifer Sanchagrin, PA-C", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Jennifer Sanchagrin earned her B.S. in Biology at East Carolina University in 2008 and continued at East Carolina University to earn her Master's of Physician Assistant Studies (MPAS) in 2011", "Certifications:", "NCCPA Board Certified Physician Assistant", "American Academy of Physician Assistants (AAPA) Member", "AHA Basic Life Support (BLS) Instructor", "AHA Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS) Instructor", "Practice Interests:", "Jennifer Sanchagrin was employed as a U.S. Navy Physician Assistant for over 6 years, focusing mostly in Urgent Care and Women's Health", "Interest in College Health or Your Practice Philosophy", "Jennifer Sanchagrin has spent the last 6 years in the U.S. Navy working closely with a young adult patient population. She enjoys the patient education and preventative medicine that she can instill with the age group", "+", "David Vander Straten, M.D", "Hometown:", "Austin, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Vander Straten earned his bachelor of science in chemistry at Southwestern University in Georgetown, TX in 1989. After earning his doctor of medicine from the Texas A&M University College of Medicine in 1993, he completed his internship in Family Practice at the Naval Hospital in Charleston, SC in 1994. Dr. Vander Straten performed his residency training in Family Practice at the Jacksonville, FL Naval Hospital 1994-96, where he was selected Chief Resident during his final year", "Certifications:", "Board Certified by the American Board of Family Medicine", "Fellow of the American Academy of Family Physicians", "Professional Experience:", "1996-1999,  Staff Physician, Naval Hospital, Beaufort, SC", "1999-2001,  Assistant Professor, Department of Family Medicine, University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, TX", "2001-2003,  Urgent Care Physician, Euclid and Mentor, OH", "2003-2005,  Family Physician in Private Practice, Euclid, Mentor, and Garfield Heights, OH", "2005-2014,  Family Physician, CommUnityCare, Austin, TX", "2005-2011,  Chief Medical Officer, CommUnityCare, Austin, TX", "2014-Present, Staff Physician, Medical Director University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Vander Stratens wife is also a physician, so their two daughters have been blessed with lots of interesting supper table conversations through the years. He enjoy outdoor activities, including hunting and perfecting the fine art of throwing horseshoes", "Women's Health", "+", "Barbara Blizzard, RN, CNM", "Hometown:", "Lubbock, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ms. Blizzard earned her bachelor of science in nursing at The University of Texas at Austin in 1972. In 1974, she earned her master of science in nursing and nurse midwifery from the University of Mississippi in Jackson", "Certifications:", "American College of Nurse Midwives", "Professional Experience:", "1974 - 1987, Nurse Midwife, Various positions in St. Louis, Arkansas, and Austin", "1987 - Present, Nurse Practitioner, Women's Health Clinic, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "1994 - Present, Team Leader, Women's Health Clinic, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Ms. Blizzard enjoys spending time with her family and many pets. She is also an avid Lady Longhorn basketball fan", "+", "Amy Graf, RN, BSN, MSN, CNM", "Education and Clinical Training:", "St. Olaf College, Northfield, MN", "The University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC", "Yale University, New Haven, CT", "Certifications:", "Certified Nurse Midwife", "Interests:", "Reproductive health", "College is a pivotal time for many women. Taking control of their reproductive health is a right of passage, and how they make those decisions powerfully impacts many areas of their lives. I want Women's Health to be a safe place to ask questions, to admit to fears and uncertainties, and ultimately, to leave here with confidence in a way forward that feels right for them", "+", "Elena M. Martinez, RN, WHCNP-BC", "Education and Clinical Training:", "(1999) ADN Golden West College, Huntington Beach, CA", "(2003) WHCNP Certification  Harbor UCLA Medical Center, Torrance, CA", "Certifications:", "Board Certified as a Women's Health Care Nurse Practitioner by the National Certification Corporation since 2005", "Practice Interests:", "I have worked as a mother & baby nurse and public health nurse in special diseases, HIV/STD clinic. As a nurse practitioner, my focus has been in Obstetrics and Gynecology, Women's Health, and I have special training in colposcopy since 2009", "I particularly enjoy providing women's healthcare to the uninsured, marginalized population, as they often have healthcare needs that are not addressed", "Describe Your Interest in College Health or Your Practice Philosophy:", "I have a special interest in caring for women of all ages from puberty to menopause with my primary focus in prevention, health and wellness. I like college health because I enjoy teaching and providing patients with the necessary tools in making informed decisions about their health", "+", "Mariann Nielsen, WHNP-BC", "Education and Clinical Training:", "ADN Clinton Community College, Clinton, Iowa", "BSN UT Austin, Texas", "WHNP Certification UTSW, Dallas, Texas", "Certifications:", "Certified Womens Health Nurse Practitioner by NCC", "Lamaze childbirth instruction", "Baby care instruction", "Practice Interests", "Wellness and prevention are my primary focus when caring for women from puberty to menopause and throughout life. Stress management, nutrition, and an active lifestyle are important for whole health. There are many choices available for management of menses and contraception and my desires is to foster the best decision for each individual", "Interests in College Health:", "College aged women are better informed now than ever. Assisting women in making informed decisions regarding their health care is one of my goals. Alleviating any stress regarding the gynecology exam is very important to me. I do my best to foster an open dialogue in understanding our body and how best to care for the whole woman at this time of independence", "+", "Cindy McAllister, RNC, WHNP", "Hometown:", "Pearland, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ms. McAllister earned her bachelor of science in nursing from Texas Woman's University in 1976. She finished the Women's Health Care Nurse Practitioner Program at The University of Texas at Dallas in 1990", "Certifications:", "Certified as a Women's Healthcare Nurse Practitioner by the National Certification Corporation", "Professional Experience:", "1977 - 1987, Registered Nurse, Various Central Texas hospitals and clinics", "1987 - 1992, Public Health Nurse, Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, & Interim Director of Medical Services, Hays County Health Department, San Marcos, TX", "1992 - 1997, Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, Caring Center for Women, San Marcos, TX", "1997 - 2002, Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, Galveston County Health District 4C's Clinic, San Marcos, TX", "2002 - 2003, Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, Texas Gulf Coast Medical Group, Texas City, TX", "2004 - 2010, Maternal Child Specialist, WHNP, The University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, Texas", "2010 - Present, Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, Women's Health Clinic, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Ms. McAllister returned to Austin in 2010 with her husband after a 13-year detour to the Texas Gulf coast. She enjoys reconnecting with old friends and making new ones, listening to live music, gardening, cooking, reading, and spending time exploring nature.When asked to describe her experiences with college students, Ms. McAllister responded:", "\"I am impressed by how many students come to their visit with basic information regarding their symptoms, and I feel this helps them leave the visit with a stronger understanding of their diagnosis and plan of care. Educating patients about preventive healthcare is something I really enjoy - especially how nutrition, rest, stress, and how we cope affects our general well-being. I appreciate the students, and find helping them with their health concerns and identifying the many resources available to them quite rewarding.\"", "+", "Abby Wolaver, RN, MSN, NP-C", "Education and Clinical Training:", "BSN: University of New Mexico (2006)", "MSN: Frontier Nursing University (2011)", "Certifications:", "Certified as a Family Nurse Practitioner through the American Association of Nurse Practitioners", "Interests:", "I have worked as a labor and delivery nurse and in pediatrics. As a nurse practitioner, I am primarily interested in women's health and have worked in rural health clinics providing primary care and in obstetrics and gynecology", "I like college health because I enjoy teaching and like having the opportunity to help support students in learning about their own health", "Nutrition Services", "+", "Jennifer Barnoud, MS, RDN, LD", "Hometown:", "Amarillo, TX", "Education:", "Bachelor of Science in Nutrition and Food Science and Psychology - Middle Tennessee State University", "Master of Science in Clinical Nutrition - University of Memphis", "Certifications:", "Certified Eating Disorder Registered Dietitian", "Practice Interests:", "Mindful and Intuitive Eating", "Eating for Health Promotion", "Disordered Eating/Eating Disorders", "Nutrition Counseling", "Medical Nutrition Therapy", "Practice Philosophy", "Most people dont realize that the word vitamine was coined in 1912. In other words, we made it a long time knowing very little about the science behind our food. We know more than ever yet continue to struggle with our food choices and behaviors. Especially within college health, your relationship with food and your body has significant implications on your eating behaviors, health, weight, academic performance, and even your social life. I provide a nonjudgmental space to help you make sense of the abundant nutritional science and pseudoscience and develop an individualized eating plan that works best for you. Through ongoing nutrition counseling, I use intuitive eating and mindfulness based strategies to bring about true lifelong health that encompasses mind, body, and spirit. I am most concerned about your health and well-being and therefore maintain a non-diet, weight neutral treatment philosophy", "STI Screening Clinic", "+", "Krista Doabler, RN, BA", "Hometown:", "Millville, NJ", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Krista earned her Associate Degree in Nursing from Cumberland County College in NJ. She earned her Bachelor of Arts from Western State Colorado University in Psychology with a minor in Biology", "Certifications:", "Registered Nurse in State of Texas and State of Oregon", "Professional Experience:", "Prior to moving to Texas, Krista worked for two years as a school nurse. She also worked for Planned Parenthood of Southwestern Oregon for 12 years as the lead RN. During her years at Planned Parenthood she developed knowledge and skills to become an advocate for sexual and reproductive health", "Interests:", "Krista enjoys spending her free time outdoors. She loves skiing, hiking, mountain biking and camping. She is also an avid reader who loves traveling to the places she's read about", "+", "Debbie Riggs, MSN, RN", "Hometown:", "Grafton, WV", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Debbie attended West Virginia Alderson Broaddus University to obtain her Bachelors in Nursing. She then went to West Virginia University where she received her Masters in Nursing. Obtained enhanced Competencies in STI Screening and counseling", "License/Certification:", "Debbie has her RN license, CPR certification, and her MSN", "Professional Experience:", "Debbie has a wide range of nursing experience from the Veteran Affairs Hospital, Bostons Children Hospital, and Emergency Room and ICU at the Medical Center of North Carolina. For 23 years she taught Pediactric ICU at WVU School of Nursing. She has experience in school nursing and has been with University Health Services Urgent Care Clinic since 1993", "Interests:", "Debbie likes to garden. She also loves to work with her daughters horse", "STI Clinic:", "Debbie likes working in the STI clinic because she enjoys the comprehensive care and teaching. She is an advocate for sexual health and believe the STI Screening Clinic is a unique opportunity for students to obtain STI screening and risk reduction counseling", "+", "Dian Peavey, BSN, RN", "Hometown:", "Houston, Texas", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Bachelors of Science in Nursing from the University of Texas. Obtained enhanced Competencies in STI Screening and counseling", "License/Certification:", "Licensed Registered Nurse, CPR Certification, Certification from Biofeedback Certification Institute of America- Senior Fellow", "Professional Experience:", "Dian has a wide range of experience ranging from hospital medical surgical, and telemetry nursing, to emergency room and Urgent Care. She obtained her certification in Biofeedback and taught self-regulation techniques for chronic pain and pelvic floor rehabilitation at St David, and in various outpatient settings. Dian has worked at University Health Services for 11 years and currently manages the Urgent Care, Sports Medicine, and STI Screening Clinics", "Interests:", "Dian enjoys gardening and outdoor activities, including swimming, biking, and hiking. She loves to travel, and her newest interest is birding and studying bird calls", "STI Clinic:", "Dian is a strong supporter of access to confidential STI Screening. The clinic provides a unique opportunity for students to easily obtain STI Screening and risk reduction counseling", "Allergy Immunization Clinic", "+", "Katie Goode, BSN, RN", "Education and Clinical Training:", "The University of Texas at Austin, BSN", "Certifications:", "RN", "Interests:", "Practice safely and with excellence", "+", "Ericka Holmes, LVN", "Hometown:", "Austin, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ericka received her Vocational Nursing license from Austin Community College in 2003", "Certifications:", "LVN, Board of Nurse Examiners for the State of Texas", "BLS Instructor, American Heart Association", "Professional Experience:", "2003 - 2007, Licensed Vocational Nurse, Dr. Geoffrey Erwin Obstetrician-Gynecologist", "2007 - 2008, Licensed Vocational Nurse, Renaissance Womans Group Obstetrician-Gynecology", "2008 - Present, Licensed Vocational Nurse in General Medicine and Allergy and Immunizations, University Health Services - UT Austin", "Interests:", "Married for over 16 years, the mother of three, loves spending time with her family, especially with her two granddaughters. In addition, she strongly believes that one can never do enough dancing in ones lifetime. So dance, dance, dance", "+", "Charlotte Katzin, RN, BSN", "Hometown:", "Litchfield, CT", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Bachelor of Science, Nursing, Cum Laude, Duke University, Durham, North Carolina", "Certifications:", "RN, Board of Nurse Examiners for the State of Texas", "Certificate in Travel Health from the International Society of Travel Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1985-1987, Nursing Supervisor/Patient Care Coordinator - Anderson Parker Inc. Austin, Texas", "1987 - 2003, RN Team Leader - Family Practice - Austin Regional Clinic - Austin, Texas", "2003 - Present, RN Nurse Manager - Allergy/Immunization Clinic - University Health Services - UT Austin", "Interests:", "Charlotte enjoys sports and physical activities. During the last 15 years she has enjoyed mountain biking, juggling, geocaching, volleyball, tennis, and swimming in Barton Springs. She has completed five sprint distance triathlons", "Charlotte's words of encouragement to nursing students, \"I have never regretted my decision to go into nursing\" are heartfelt. Whether it was working in geriatrics, community health, visiting nursing, college health, or caring for her aging parents, Charlotte has felt passionate and committed to her work as a nurse", "Physical Therapy Clinic", "+", "Hannah J. Bennett, PT, DPT, CSCS, CET, CIDN", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Hannah attended the University of Toledo in Toledo, OH from 2004 until 2008 where she earned her Bachelor of Science in Exercise Science. She attended the University of Alabama at Birmingham in Birmingham, AL from 2009-2011 to obtain her Doctorate Degree in Physical Therapy. She plans to finish her MBA from the Texas A&M University Central in Killeen, TX in December 2018. Hannah came to Texas in February 2012 to begin her PT career in Round Rock, TX as an orthopedic outpatient physical therapist", "Certifications:", "PT: Physical Therapist", "DPT: Doctor of Physical Therapy", "CSCS: Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (NSCA)", "CET: Certified Cancer Exercise Trainer (ACSM)", "CIDN: Certified Integrative Dry Needling", "Practice Interests:", "Dry Needling, Myofascial Decompression (cupping), Orthopedics", "Interests:", "Pain limits function; the goal of physical therapy is to eliminate pain and restore maximal function. I use a process of immediate pain control followed by movement restoration to address pain induced functional deficits. Reteaching the body and the mind to restore movement and maximize strength is key", "+", "Emily Gonzales, PT, DPT", "Hometown:", "Little Rock, AR", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Emily attended the University of Central Arkansas from fall 2002 until the spring of 2009. During this time she earned her Bachelor Degree in Health Sciences and her Doctorate Degree in Physical Therapy. Emily then headed to Texas to begin her PT career at an outpatient facility in Killeen", "Certifications:", "Licensed Physical Therapist", "Professional Experience:", "2014-2015: Physical Therapist, Austin Physical Therapy Specialists 2013-2014:Physical Therapist, Westminster Manor Retirement Community", "2011-2013: Physical Therapist, Hinman and Associates", "2009-2013: Physical Therapist, Metroplex Hospital Outpatient and Rehabilitation Center", "2015-present: Manager, UHS Physical Therapy Department", "Interests:", "When not enthralled in a book or eating anything grape flavored, Emily will often find herself outdoors or on a road trip. She and her husband enjoy traveling Texas with their dogs. However, she is still drawn to and passionate about the many mountains and rivers in her native Arkansas", "Emily believes in educating patients about their treatment and clarifying any concerns that may arise. Her open and honest nature cultivates relationships full of trust and cooperation from both patients and peers. She understands that a complete recovery is a united effort, and will require more hands than just her own", "+", "Scarlett Gonzalez, PTA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Graduated South University in Austin Texas from their physical therapist assistant program, received license in April of 2017", "Practice Interests:", "Manual therapy, soft tissue mobilization, exercises science, orthopedics and neuro-rehab", "Interests:", "I understand how it feels to not be able to do a hobby/activity due to pain. I believe no one should have to give up a certain level of living due pain or impairment. My goal is bring all my patients to their highest level of function", "Sports Medicine Clinic", "+", "Patrick List, M.D", "Hometown:", "Cincinnati, OH", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. List earned his bachelor of science in chemistry from the University of Cincinnati, and in 2000, received his doctorate in medicine from the Medical College of Ohio in Toledo. He completed his internal medicine residency at the University of Maryland in 2003 followed by a primary care sports medicine fellowship in 2005 at the American Sports Medicine Institute", "Certifications:", "Board Certified, American Board of Internal Medicine", "Board Certified, Sports Medicine", "Certified Clinical Densitometrist", "Professional Experience:", "1991 - 1997, Ohio Army National Guard, MASH Unit", "2003 - 2004, Chief Resident/Faculty Member, Internal Medicine, Fraklin Square Hospital, Baltimore, M.D", "2005 - 2007, Internal Medicine, Bayview Physicians, Virginia Beach, VA", "2007 - 2010, Sports Medicine, Slocum Orthopedics and Sports Medicine, Eugene, OR", "Interests:", "Dr. List likes sports of all types, especially soccer. He also enjoys fishing and gardening", "+", "Robin Merket, M.D", "Hometown:", "New York, NY", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Dr. Merket earned her bachelor of science in biology 1991 from Angelo State University in San Angelo, TX. In 1996, she earned her doctor of medicine from The University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston. She served her residency in Family Practice through the University of Oklahoma at Tulsa in 1999, and followed up the next year with a fellowship in Sports Medicine at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville", "Certifications:", "Board Certified in Family Medicine", "Board Certified in Sports Medicine", "Professional Experience:", "1999 - 2000, Team Physician Coverage, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN", "1999 - 2000, Team Physician Coverage for Carson-Newman College, Jefferson City, TN", "2001 - 2005, Physician, Southeast Texas Medical Associates, Beaumont, TX", "2002 - 2005, Team Physician, Lamar University, Beaumont, TX", "2003, Physician Coverage, Houston Shell Open Golf Tournament, Houston, TX", "2004, Medical Tent Coverage, Ironman Triathlon World Championship, Kona, HI", "2005 - Present, Staff Physician, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Dr. Merket's hobbies include softball, cycling, triathlon and travel", "Integrated Health", "+", "Elana Bizer, LCSW", "Hometown:", "Philadelphia, PA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ms. Bizer earned her bachelor of arts in journalism from Temple University in 1990. She then attended the Institute for Integrative Nutrition where she completed her health counseling certificate in 2003. She earned her masters of science in social work from the University of Texas, Austin in 2007", "Licensure:", "Licensed Mental Health Social Worker, State of Texas", "Professional Experience:", "Ms. Bizer was a journalist for fifteen years before she transitioned to working as a health counselor and psychotherapist. She continues to write and publish on topics concerning health and wellness", "2005 - 2006, Counselor/MSSW Intern at Communities in Schools, Austin, TX", "2007, Therapist/MSSW Intern, Capital Area Mental Health Center, Austin, TX", "2008, Clinical Social Worker at People's Community Clinic, Austin, TX", "2006 - Present, Clinical Social Worker, University Health Services, University of Texas, Austin", "Interests:", "Ms. Bizer is interested in the inter-relationship between emotional and physical health and enjoys working with individuals to facilitate wellness on both levels. She utilizes a client-centered, mindfulness-based style of counseling which incorporates psychodynamic, cognitive-behavioral, relational, and mind-body approaches. Outside of work, Ms. Bizer is passionate about all things involving food (including cooking, blogging about nutrition, and, of course, eating). In addition, she enjoys yoga, art, hiking, and traveling overseas", "+", "Kate Czar, PhD", "Hometown:", "Schnecksville, PA", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Kate completed a B.A. in Psychology at Millersville University (2005) and a Ph.D. in Counseling Psychology at The University of Southern Mississippi (2012). Her clinical training has included experience in various settings, such as residential substance abuse and dependence treatment, outpatient behavioral medicine (with an emphasis on pain management), and university counseling centers", "Certifications:", "Licensed Psychologist, Texas", "Professional Experience:", "2013 - Present, Integrated Health Psychologist, University Health Services, The University of Texas at Austin", "Interests:", "Kate enjoys working with diverse students with various presenting concerns. She is particularly interested in anxiety management, substance-related issues, grief and loss, LGBTQ identity exploration, and a holistic view of health and wellness. She values the use of mindfulness, relaxation, and strength-based approaches in therapy. Her goal is to help students empower themselves to live happier, healthier lives", "Beyond her professional life, Kate is a huge animal-lover, is passionate about plants and the environment, and loves enjoying all that the amazing city of Austin has to offer. She adores traveling and being exposed to new cultures and people. She also loves movies, music, eating, and playing various sports", "+", "Karl Chiang", "Integrated Health Counselor", "Education and Clinical Training:", "Ph.D., Counseling Psychology, University of Denver", "Certifications:", "Licensed Psychologist, Massachusetts", "Credentialed Health Service Psychologist, National Register of Health Service Psychologists", "Interests:", "Provides individual and group therapy and is part of the Integrated Health Program, a collaboration between CMHC and UHS. Provides counseling and referral services to students in UHS general medicine clinics, as well as leading Integrated Health classes, and trains interns and practicum students. Is especially interested in health psychology, mindfulness based interventions, cognitive behavioral therapy, motivational interviewing, post traumatic growth, health behavior change, coping with illness, quality of life, integrating behavioral health in primary care settings, health disparities, psychometrics, support groups for chronic conditions, readjusting after living/studying abroad, and sexual harassment/assault prevention. In his personal time, Karl enjoys running, cycling, backpacking, skiing, whitewater kayaking, rock climbing and playing the guitar", "+", "Geeti S. Mahajan", "Integrated Health Counselor", "Education and Clinical Training:", "2011, Master of Social Work, Washington University in St. Louis", "2011, Master of Public Health, Washington University in St. Louis", "Certifications:", "Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW), Texas", "Interests:", "Provides individual counseling and co-leads groups through the Integrated Health Program, a collaboration between CMHC and UHS. Geetis approach is rooted in mindfulness based modalities such as Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT), while also emphasizing mind/body/spirit connection through somatic and expressive arts practices drawn from yoga traditions. She is undergoing certification as a Professional Yoga Therapist and has enjoyed facilitating specialty yoga groups as part of the CMHC group offerings. Geeti enjoys being in nature, dancing, and spending time with family and friends", "+", "Cary Tucker, RN, LCSW", "Hometown:", "San Antonio, TX", "Education and Clinical Training:", "1983, Bachelors of Science in Nursing, The University of Texas at Austin", "2001, Masters of Science in Social Work, The University of Texas at Austin", "Licensure:", "Licensed Clinical Social Worker, State of Texas Registered Nurse, State of Texas", "Professional Experience:", "The University of Texas at Austin Counseling and Mental Health Center, 2011- Present Associate Director, 2006-2011 Program Director for Integrated Health", "Interests:", "Trained in Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction, The Center for Mindfulness in Medicine, Health Care, and Society at the University of Massachusetts Medical School. Areas of interest include mindfulness and psychotherapy, meditation, yoga, humor, spirituality, and a holistic approach to health and healing", "$(function() {  $(\".expand\").on( \"click\", function() {    $(this).next().slideToggle(200);    $expand = $(this).find(\">:first-child\");        if($expand.text() == \"+\") {      $expand.text(\"-\");    } else {      $expand.text(\"+\");    }  });});    // Init controller/*var controller = new ScrollMagic.Controller({  globalSceneOptions: {    duration: $('section').height(),    triggerHook: .025,    reverse: true  }});*//*object to hold href values of links inside our nav withthe class '.anchor-nav'scene_object = {  '[scene-name]' : {    '[target-scene-id]' : '[anchor-href-value]'  }}*//*var scenes = {  'scene2': {    'section-1': 'anchor1'  },  'scene3': {    'section-2': 'anchor2'  },  'scene4': {    'section-3': 'anchor3'  }}for(var key in scenes) {  // skip loop if the property is from prototype  if (!scenes.hasOwnProperty(key)) continue;  var obj = scenes[key];  for (var prop in obj) {    // skip loop if the property is from prototype    if(!obj.hasOwnProperty(prop)) continue;    new ScrollMagic.Scene({ triggerElement: '#' + prop })        .setClassToggle('#' + obj[prop], 'active')        .addTo(controller);  }}*/// Change behaviour of controller// to animate scroll instead of jump/*controller.scrollTo(function(target) {  TweenMax.to(window, 0.5, {    scrollTo : {      y : target,      autoKill : true // Allow scroll position to change outside itself    },    ease : Cubic.easeInOut  });});*///  Bind scroll to anchor links using Vanilla JavaScript/*var anchor_nav = document.querySelector('.anchor-nav');anchor_nav.addEventListener('click', function(e) {  var target = e.target,      id     = target.getAttribute('href');  if(id !== null) {    if(id.length > 0) {      e.preventDefault();      controller.scrollTo(id);      if(window.history && window.history.pushState) {        history.pushState(\"\", document.title, id);      }    }  }});*//*  * Bind scroll to anchor links using jQuery$(document).on(\"click\", \"a[href^=#]\", function(e) {  var id = $(this).attr(\"href\");  if($(id).length > 0) {    e.preventDefault();    // trigger scroll    controller.scrollTo(id);    // If supported by the browser we can also update the URL    if (window.history && window.history.pushState) {      history.pushState(\"\", document.title, id);    }  }});*/"]}}, {"_index": "documents", "_type": "document", "_id": "nF1pBGcBqJv28U2GIqca", "_score": 5.1363277, "_source": {"name": "uhs_HT_HT_inhalerinstructions", "num_lines": 6, "content": ["How to Use a Metered-Dose Inhaler", "Shake the medicine", "Hold the inhaler so that the mouthpiece is 1 and 1/2 to 2 inches (about 2 to 3 finger widths) in front of your open mouth. Breathe out normally. Press the inhaler down once so it releases a spray of medicine into your mouth while you breathe in slowly. continue to breathe in as slowly and deeply as possible", "OR:", "If holding the inhaler in front of your mouth is too hard, breathe out all the way and then place th mouthpiece in your mouth and close your lips around it. Press the inhaler down once to release a spray of medicine into your mouth while you breathe in slowly", "Hold your breath for 10 seconds, or as long as is comfortable. Breathe out slowly"]}}, {"_index": "documents", "_type": "document", "_id": "_V1pBGcBqJv28U2GFKbh", "_score": 5.1075854, "_source": {"name": "recsports_classes_wilderness-medicine-training", "num_lines": 27, "content": ["Home", "Classes", "Wilderness Medicine", "Available for current UT students, RecSports members and non-members", "Register for classes at the", "RecSports Online Store", "Wilderness First Responder Recertification (WFR-R)", "In order to maintain ones Wilderness First Responder certification, NOLS and RecSports offer a refresher course that recertifies students, instead of retaking the 9-day WFR course. This 3-day course uses scenarios and practical exams to review the hands-on skills learned during the WFR course, and provides students with updated wilderness medicine practices. After completing the recertification course and passing the practical and written exams, students certifications are valid for an additional three years. Class days will run Friday, Saturday and Sunday on campus. A more detailed syllabus will be provided closer to the time of the course", "Class Dates", "Fee", "December 7-9, 2018", "$320", "NOLS WFR-Recert Details", "Wilderness First Responder (WFR)", "If you plan on working in the outdoor recreation field, the Wilderness First Responder (WFR) is commonly referred to as the standard of medical training for all wilderness professionals. The Wilderness First Responder course dives deeper into long-term patient care, splinting, evacuation strategies, and more. This nine-day course includes hands-on learning from experienced wilderness medicine professionals, and includes intense yet practical scenarios to develop your skills. Class days will run all nine days on campus. A more detailed syllabus will be sent to students closer to the time of the course", "Class Dates", "Fee", "January 4-13, 2019", "$760", "NOLS WFR Details", "Wilderness First Aid (WFA)", "If you plan to spend time in the backcountry you need to be prepared. Fast paced and hands-on, this two-day course covers a wide range of wilderness medicine topics for people who travel and work in the outdoors.This course serves as an introduction to wilderness medicine, long-term care, and provides the skills necessary to make basic medical decisions in the backcountry. Class days will run all day on Saturday and Sunday. A more detailed syllabus will be provided closer to the time of the course", "Class Dates", "Fee", "April 27-28, 2019", "$240", "NOLS WFA Details"]}}, {"_index": "documents", "_type": "document", "_id": "hl1pBGcBqJv28U2GIqca", "_score": 4.9495864, "_source": {"name": "uhs_HT_HT_partnernotification_chlamydia", "num_lines": 25, "content": ["Sexual Partner Notification Progam - Chlamydia", "University Health Services provides treatment prescriptions for sexual partners of  patients who have been diagnosed with chlamydia. This information is intended for those people", "If this applies to you, please read this information carefully and follow recommendations", "What is chlamydia?", "Chlamydia is a common sexually transmitted bacterial infection (STI) that can infect both men and women. Often there are no symptoms, particularly early in the infection. It is important that you be treated, even if you do not have symptoms, in order to prevent complications and to prevent spreading this infection to others", "A prescription for treatment for you may be provided by your partner (see below)", "Because you have been exposed to chlamydia, you should consider being tested for other STI's. This is especially important if you are having any abdominal pain or genital symptoms", "If you are a current University of Texas at Austin (UT) student you can schedule an appointment online by going to", "MyUHS", "or by calling", "(512) 471-4955", "If you are not a UT student, call the Austin Travis County STD clinic (ATC-STD) for an appointment at", "512-972-5430", "You can be examined and treated at ATC-STD, even if you cannot pay", "Tell any sex partners you have been with in the last 2 months to get checked for chlamydia", "Men and women who have chlamydia should be retested in 3 to 4 months after treatment to be sure they have not been re-infected. We encourage consistent condom use to prevent STI Infections", "Medication Information", "Chlamydia is treated by a single 1 gram dose of the antibiotic, Azithromycin. TAKE THE ENTIRE DOSE OF MEDICINE AS PRESCRIBED (usually dispensed as 4 pills taken at one time). DO NOT have any kind of sex (oral, anal, or vaginal) with or without condoms for 7 days after you take this medicine", "DO NOT share this medicine; the whole dose is needed to cure chlamydia", "DO NOT take this medicine if you have been allergic to any antibiotic in the past. Check with the pharmacist when you have the prescription filled if you have any concerns", "Possible Side Effects", "The antibiotic for your treatment has been carefully chosen to be safe and effective. The most common side effect is upset stomach, so take this medication with food. Very rarely is there a rash, fever, or breathing problems related to the medicine. If your symptoms are severe especially if it is hard to breathecall 911", "If you have any questions, call the UT Nurse Advice Line at", "512-475-6877", "between the hours of 8 am and 5 pm Monday through Friday"]}}, {"_index": "documents", "_type": "document", "_id": "u11pBGcBqJv28U2GCKOs", "_score": 4.846308, "_source": {"name": "deanofstudents_dri_resourcelinks", "num_lines": 18, "content": ["Resource Links", "The University of Texas at Austin", "Office of the Dean of Students", "College of Education", "Department of Special Education", "Department of Educational Psychology", "Department of Educational Administration", "The University of Texas at Austin Graduate School", "Diversity Mentoring Fellowship", "Veterans Services at The University of Texas at Austin", "Counseling and Mental Health Center", "Division of Student Affairs", "Off-Campus Resources", "Capital City Rehabilitation Group", "Texas Veterans Leadership Program (TLVP)  Texas Workforce Commission", "U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)", "Texas A&M College of Medicine Health Science Center", "Walter E. Penk, PhD, ABPP - Professor of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Texas A&M College of Medicine, Consultant, Central Texas VA Health Care System"]}}, {"_index": "documents", "_type": "document", "_id": "WV1pBGcBqJv28U2GIqca", "_score": 4.832457, "_source": {"name": "uhs_HT_HT_pid", "num_lines": 64, "content": ["Pelvic Inflammatory Disease", "What is pelvic inflammatory disease?", "Pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) is an infection of the female reproductive organs. The reproductive system includes the uterus, fallopian tubes, ovaries, and surrounding tissues. The infection starts at the cervix, which is the opening of the uterus into the vagina. It then moves up through the whole reproductive system. Sometimes it spreads to other places inside the abdomen", "PID is most common among younger women who have sex, especially with multiple partners. It rarely happens after menopause", "How does it occur?", "Many types of bacteria can cause PID. The bacteria found in 2 common sexually transmitted diseases (gonorrhea and chlamydia) are the most frequent causes. Normal bacteria found in the vagina and on the cervix can cause PID, but this is rare", "PID may also happen:", "after a miscarriage, termination of pregnancy (also called a TOP or abortion), or childbirth", "after rape", "during use of an IUD for birth control, especially within the first 20 days after the IUD is placed inside the uterus", "after pelvic surgery", "What are the symptoms?", "Sometimes there are no symptoms. When symptoms occur, they may include:", "pain in the lower abdomen", "abnormally heavy vaginal discharge", "irregular or heavy menstrual periods", "pain in the pelvic or abdominal area during sex", "pain or burning when you urinate or have a bowel movement", "flulike symptoms such as fever, general discomfort, tiredness, back pain, or vomiting", "How is it diagnosed?", "Your healthcare provider will ask about symptoms and give you a pelvic exam. Sometimes the pelvic exam is very uncomfortable due to pain in the uterus and tubes", "You may have the following tests:", "tests of samples of blood, vaginal discharge, and urine", "ultrasound scan", "pregnancy test", "You may have a test to see if you are pregnant because abdominal pain and vaginal bleeding can be symptoms of an ectopic (tubal) pregnancy. An ectopic pregnancy is a pregnancy that takes place outside the uterus", "You may need to have laparoscopy to confirm the diagnosis of PID. Laparoscopy is a surgical procedure done while you are under anesthesia. Your healthcare provider makes a small cut near your bellybutton and inserts a thin tube with a light and tiny camera through the cut. Your provider can then look at the organs in your abdomen and pelvis. If you have PID, your tubes and ovaries will be swollen and inflamed. Your provider may see pus, sores, or scar tissue on or around the female organs. Your provider may remove a sample of tissue (biopsy) for lab tests", "If your healthcare provider suspects you have PID, he or she may talk to you about testing for HIV (human immunodeficiency virus), which is the virus that causes AIDS", "What is the treatment?", "PID is usually treated with antibiotic medicine", "Mild PID without fever or severe pain is usually treated with a combination of antibiotic shots and oral antibiotics (pills)", "A more serious infection may be treated with several days of intravenous (IV) antibiotics given once or twice a day. This may be done at your healthcare provider's office, the emergency room or clinic, or sometimes at home with visits from a nurse. After several days of IV antibiotics, you will need to take antibiotics by mouth", "If you have severe PID, you may need to stay in a hospital for continuous IV antibiotic treatment. You will take oral antibiotics for some time after you go home", "If you have pus in your pelvis (an abscess), you may need surgery to remove or drain it. If you have an IUD, your healthcare provider will probably remove it", "Your provider may prescribe pain medicine", "If your provider thinks your infection may be caused by a sexually transmitted disease, your sexual partner must be examined and treated as well to prevent spread of the infection and to keep you from getting infected again. Do not have sex until both you and your partner have finished all of the medicine", "Your healthcare provider will probably want to see you again 2 to 3 days after you start your medicine. Your provider will check you to make sure the medicine has the infection under control. You also need to be checked 1 week after you finish all of the medicine to make sure that the infection is gone", "How long will the effects last?", "You will start to feel better 2 to 3 days after starting the treatment. Make sure you finish all the medicine as prescribed", "If the infection is not treated, it could spread to other parts of your body or create an abscess in the fallopian tubes or ovaries. It might cause chronic (long lasting) pelvic pain", "PID can cause scarring of the fallopian tubes. This scarring could make it hard for you to get pregnant. Prompt and complete treatment is very important to try to keep your ability to have children. Scarring of the fallopian tubes also increases your risk of having a tubal pregnancy", "How can I take care of myself?", "Take the full course of treatment that your provider recommends. Carefully follow the instructions for taking your medicine", "Do not have sex until your provider tells you it is OK", "Rest and take acetaminophen, ibuprofen, aspirin, or other medicines recommended or prescribed by your healthcare provider for pain relief and fever", "Put a heating pad on your abdomen to relieve cramping or pain. Use a low heat setting. Be careful not to burn yourself", "Call your healthcare provider right away if:", "You have new symptoms", "Your pain gets worse", "You do not feel better in 3 days", "You vomit and cannot hold the medicine down", "You develop a fever over 101F (38.3C)", "You feel you are getting sicker", "You feel pain on both sides of your pelvis", "How can I help prevent pelvic inflammatory disease?", "The following practices may help prevent PID:", "Have just 1 sexual partner who is not sexually active with anyone else", "Avoid having sex when you have an infection", "Use a latex or polyurethane condom to reduce the risk of infection every time you have sex", "Have yearly pelvic exams, including tests for infection", "Developed by RelayHealth", "Published by RelayHealth", "This content is reviewed periodically and is subject to change as new health information becomes available. The information is intended to inform and educate and is not a replacement for medical evaluation, advice, diagnosis or treatment by a healthcare professional", "2018 RelayHealth and/or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved"]}}]}}