 Behavior Concerns Advice Line (BCAL) | Be Safe | The University of Texas at Austin Skip to main content University of Texas at Austin Home Be Safe Menu University of Texas at Austin Home The University of Texas at Austin Be Safe Search Search Search Search Security & Safety Updates Expand Security Assessment Expand Safety Tips & Apps Expand Resources & Services Expand Behavior Concerns Advice Line (BCAL) Submit Ideas Expand Provide Feedback Expand Home Resources & Services : Behavior Concerns Advice Line (BCAL) Behavior Concerns Advice Line (BCAL) Are you worried about a student in your class, bothered that your roommate has been acting differently, or concerned about the behavior of a co-worker? Do you have concerns but are not sure what to do? If so, contact the Behavior Concerns Advice line at 512-232-5050 or submit your concerns using the online form. Cases that present an immediate threat to self, others, or property should be considered an emergency and should be directed to The University of Texas Police Department (UTPD) by calling 911. Report behavior by phone or online Call 512-232-5050 Trained staff members are available 24 hours a day to assist the caller in exploring available options and strategies Caller can remain anonymous Confidentiality will be maintained as much as possible, however the university may be required to release some information to appropriate parties Report Online Only faculty, staff and students with a valid UTEID can use the online form A trained staff member will contact you by the next business day (Monday-Friday 8am-5pm), to explore available options and strategies to address the particular situation Confidentiality will be maintained as much as possible, however the university may be required to release some information to appropriate parties Your online request is not anonymous. If you wish to remain anonymous please call the BCAL line at 512-232-5050 Report online FAQs What is the behavior concerns advice line? Why should I call the behavior concerns advice line? What are behavior concerns? How do I contact the behavior concerns advice line? Is it possible to remain anonymous? Will my conversation be confidential? What is the Behavior Concerns Advice Line? The Behavior Concerns Advice Line is a service that provides The University of Texas at Austins faculty, students and staff an opportunity to discuss their concerns about another individuals behavior. This service is a partnership among the Office of the Dean of Students, the Counseling and Mental Health Center (CMHC), the Employee Assistance Program (EAP) and The University of Texas Police Department (UTPD). An individual can either call the line at 512-232-5050 or report their concerns using the online submission form. Trained staff members will assist the individual in exploring available options and strategies. They will also provide appropriate guidance and resource referrals to address the particular situation. Depending on the situation, individuals may be referred to resources including but not limited to the Office of the Dean of Students/Student Emergency Services, Counseling and Mental Health Center, and the Employee Assistance Program. Why should I call the Behavior Concerns Advice Line? An important way for the university community to feel connected is to create opportunities for caring and concern. The Behavior Concerns Advice Line provides a central resource to anyone who is concerned about an individual and may not be sure about how best to help them. By calling the advice line, or submitting information online, campus and community support networks may be accessed; optimizing the chance that individuals will receive needed assistance. Contact the Behavior Concerns Advice Line if you are concerned about someone and want to help. What are behavior concerns? Examples of situations in which faculty, students or staff may need advice include, but are not limited to: A faculty member may come across an essay containing comments that suggest a student is experiencing serious emotional issues. A student may be concerned that she has not seen or heard from her roommate in over a week during a busy time in the semester. A staff member may be unsure of the appropriate protocol after hearing rumors about potentially volatile comments made by another employee. Students may notice that their teaching assistants behavior is unpredictable  sometimes the TA does not show up for class, is perhaps not making much sense during lectures, or the TA seems to have stopped caring about his appearance. Students in the class are concerned about the TA and they dont want him to lose his job. A student may appear to be distressed in class and her behavior is somewhat out of the ordinary. A student in a study group may not be acting like himself. A staff member notices that a co-worker has been yelling at people and seems angry all the time. How do I contact the Behavior Concerns Advice Line? You can contact BCAL by either dialing 512-232-5050, which will connect you to trained staff members 24 hours a day, 7 days week, 365 days a year, or any faculty, staff or student can report their concerns using the online submission form, which will be processed during normal business hours, Monday - Friday (8am-5pm). If the online submission is posted after hours, the matter will not be addressed until the following business day. Is it possible to remain anonymous? If an individual calls the BCAL line, they can choose to remain anonymous. The university will, to the extent possible, respect the wishes of callers concerning their anonymity, but there may be situations where the identity of the caller will need to be disclosed or will become apparent because of the actions taken to address the situation. However online submissions are NOT anonymous and only individuals with a UTEID can submit online information. Will my conversation be confidential? The university will, to the extent permitted by law, maintain the confidentiality of the conversation except as needed to make referrals or follow up on the subject discussed. In some instances however, the university may be required to release information in response to a court order, subpoena, or open records request. Be Safe Austin Police Department The University of Texas at Austin Police Department City of Austin UT Austin Home Emergency Information Site Policies Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy Adobe Reader  The University of Texas at Austin 2018 