 Shuttles | Parking & Transportation | The University of Texas at Austin Skip to main content University of Texas at Austin Home Parking & Transportation Menu University of Texas at Austin Home Financial and Administrative Services The University of Texas at Austin Financial and Administrative Services Parking & Transportation Search Search Search Search Home Expand Parking Expand Parking Garages Events Disability / ADA Parking Faculty/Staff Parking Student Parking Visitor Parking Departmental Parking Vendor Parking RecSports Membership Parking Parking & Traffic Regulations Transportation Expand BikeUT Capital Metro Car Share Carpools Downtown Evening Bus Electric Scooters Electric Vehicles SURE Ride Shuttles Vanpools Walking Vending Machines Expand Vending Machine Locations Refund Request Service Request Fleet Operations Expand Fuel Forms & Policies Maintenance Reporting Purchasing/Disposal Voyager Card Program Vans Citations Expand Appeal Citation Boot Information How to Avoid Citations Pay Citation Maps Expand Campus Parking Map Visitor's Parking Maps PRC & WPR Map Shuttle Routes GPS Coordinates Bike UT Maps About Expand Annual Reports Awards & Recognition Organizational Chart PTS in the Media PTS Staff My Parking Profile Expand Home Transportation : Shuttles Shuttles The UT Shuttle System is one of the largest university shuttle systems in the country, with 10 routes and over 5.2 million passengers annually. The shuttle system provides an easy and cost effective way for students, faculty, staff, and visitors to access the UT campus. UT students, faculty, and staff may ride the shuttles at no charge with a valid UT photo ID. View Shuttle Service Calendar  Shuttle Route Descriptions Name Description 670 Crossing Place Serves Crossing Place north of Riverside Dr. Inbound stops at MLK/Red River, MLK/Trinity, San Jacinto/south of 21st, and East Mall Fountain. Outbound stops at 15th/Brackenridgeand Red River/School of Nursing. 641 East Campus Circulates between UFCU Disch-Falk Field, the parking lots east of IH-35, and main campus. Stops at Disch-Falk, Red River/MLK, Clyde Littlefield/Red River, Robert Dedman/23rd, and San Jacinto/23rd, San Jacinto/Dean Keeton, Dean Keeton (School of Law), Dean Keeton/east of IH-35, Lafayette/Manor, Comal/Manor. 661 Far West Serves Woodhollow, North Hills, Hart, and Greystone. Stops on campus at Dean Keeton/Whitis. 640 Forty Acres Circulates traveling clockwise around campus on San Jacinto, 21st, Guadalupe, Dean Keeton, Robert Dedman and 23rd. 656 Intramural Fields Serves Speedway north of Dean Keeton, 46th, Guadalupe south of 51st, and the Intramural Fields. 663 Lake Austin Serves university housing at the Brackenridge, Gateway and Colorado Apts., Lake Austin Blvd., 5th and 6th St. west of Lamar Blvd. Stops on campus at 21st/Whitis. 672 Lake Shore Serves E. Riverside, South Pleasant Valley, Lakeshore Blvd, San Jacinto and 23rd. Serves passengers along E. Riverside, South Pleasant Valley, and Lakeshore. The final destination on campus is 23rd and Trinity. 671 North Riverside Serves Elmont and Wickersham north of Riverside Dr. Stops on campus at MLK/Red River and 23rd/Trinity. 653 Red River Serves Red River (from Dean Keeton to 46th north of campus), 46th/Bennet, and Bennet/45th. On campus this route stops at Robert Dedman/Music Bldg., 23rd/San Jacinto, San Jacinto/Dean Keeton, and Dean Keeton/Law Bldg. 642 West Campus Circulates traveling counter clockwise, stopping at San Jacinto/23rd, Dean Keeton/Speedway, 27th/Whitis, Dean Keeton/Rio Grande, San Gabriel/25th, and Guadalupe/21st. UT Shuttle Links Shuttle Service Level Calendar  Find out what buses are running on a certain day Shuttle Route Maps Capital Metro Shuttle Mapsandcampus area detail Traveling to Campus on Saturdays Follow us on Twitter@utshuttle Access to and from the Dell Medical School From Campus to the Dell Medical School Southbound routes 100, 670,671,672, and 680 provide service from 23rd street to the Dell Medical School. The closest stop (Stop ID 1710) to the Dell Medical School will be along Red River adjacent from the School of Nursing. From the Dell Medical School to Campus Northbound route 100 provides service from the Dell Medical School to main campus. Northbound Route 100 can be accessed from Trinity Street at Stop ID 866. Route 100 provides service along San Jacinto and 23rd Street. Twitter3.png Contact Information UT Shuttle & CapMetro Info: 	(512) 474-1200 UT Shuttle Lost & Found: 	(512) 389-7454 UT Shuttle Email:shuttle@utexas.edu Capital Metro Links capmetro-connections-2025.png CapMetroJune 2018 Service Changes Shuttle and Mainline Detours Capital Metro Trip Planner Public Outreach and Community Involvement Transportation BikeUT Capital Metro Car Share Carpools Downtown Evening Bus Electric Scooters Electric Vehicles SURE Ride ShuttlesShuttle Route Map - Campus Detail Shuttle Service Level Calendar Vanpools Walking Parking & Transportation PTS Office - Trinity Parking Garage (TRG) 1815 Trinity St. Open M-F except official university holidays Cashier Office: 8am  5pm Administrative Office: 8am  5 pm Phone: 512-471-7275 Parking Garages Parking Maps Student Parking UT Shuttles Visitor Parking UT Austin Home Emergency Information Site Policies Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy Adobe Reader  The University of Texas at Austin 2018 