 THRIVE at UT Contact We'll help you figure it out. 512-471-3515Mon.-Fri. 8am-5pm Campus Location MyCMHC About CMHC 512-471-3515Monday - Friday 8am-5pm Campus Location MyCMHC Help With A Crisis 24/7 Crisis Line: 512-471-CALL (2255) (UT Students Only) Crisis Services - Talk to someone now Help a friend in distress Be That One - UT's Suicide Prevention Program Suicide warning signs Self-Care Self care activities Thrive at UT MindBody Labs Stress Recess List of common student concerns Alcohol & Drugs Anger Anxiety Assertiveness Building Friendships Cultural Adjustment Dating & Relationship Violence Depression Eating Disorders Fighting Fair to Resolve Conflict Gambling Grief & Loss Healthy Relationships How to Help a Friend in Distress LGBTQ - Coming Out Loneliness Managing Stress Mindful Eating Program Perfectionism Problematic Internet Use Rape and Sexual Assault Rejection & Failure Self-Esteem Sex & Healthy Sexuality Sleep Stalking Test Anxiety Time Management Veteran's Issues Counseling & Medication Getting Started, Read about the first steps to accessing services at CMHC. Groups & classes Short-term individual counseling Medication and psychiatric services Wellness workshops and events Questions and answers Off-campus counseling / mental health resources Specialty Programs Alcohol and Other Drug Program Counselors in Academic Residence Program (CARE) Diversity Coordinator Program Integrated Health Program Mindful Eating Program Services for Survivors of Sexual Assault (VAV program) Prevention & Outreach About Prevention & Outreach Voices Against Violence - UT's Interpersonal Violence Prevention Program Be That One - UT's Suicide Prevention Program BeVocal - UT's Bystander Intervention Program Get Sexy, Get Consent Theatre for Dialogue Well-Being in Learning Environments Project Request a presentation Request materials VAV student involvement Diversity coordinators Peer education Get involved A free iPhone app to enhance the well-being of UT-Austin students Thrive is a free iPhone app designed to enhance UT Austin student well-being and help better manage the ups and downs of campus life. Students will find short videos of actual UT Austin students sharing their own stories as well as interactive activities designed to help them apply these concepts to their own unique experience. Students share their own stories in the app, such as Jasper: Thrive FAQ's What does the app do? Thrive was designed specifically for UT-Austin students, utilizing student input. Thrive helps busy students make small changes in their routines that can have a powerful impact in their daily lives. Who is the app for? The app was created for all UT Austin students. Everyone can benefit from the topics in Thrive. What is in the app? Thrive consists of seven topic areas. Topics include community, gratitude, self-compassion, mindfulness, mindset, thoughts and moods. In each topic, students will find an inspirational quote, a short video of a UT student sharing their own story, some light reading and an interactive activity. Students can then choose how they interact with the app through customizing the notifications they receive from the app. What can I expect if I download the app? Students who download the app can expect to go at their own pace through seven different topic areas. The topics were chosen because of their proven benefit to well-being. Once you've downloaded the app, you chose how much and how often you want to interact with the app. How does it work? Thrive was created to encourage students to make small, simple shifts in their daily routines. Students will work through the content in the app and can then choose to receive notifications to encourage them to practice the content they've learned in the app. Who developed the app? Thrive was a collaboration of professionals at UT's Counseling and Mental Health Center, students and professors in the Psychology Department, and an app development firm in Austin. Funding was provided by the Longhorn Innovation Fund for Technology (LIFT) grant. Student input was utilized at every step of the process to ensure that this app meets the needs of UT Austin students. How can it enhance well-being? Research has documented that certain changes in behavior can lead to increased levels of well-being. The idea is that students utilize the app to learn new skills and make small shifts in their everyday behavior. Things like expressing gratitude or pausing for a few moments during a busy day to be mindful are simple but can have far-reaching positive impacts. We're here for you.  We recognize that many UT students are being impacted by historical and recent events. The CMHC holds firm to the universitys values and commitment to diversity and inclusion. Our staff are here to help students navigate through these times. Click here to learn about our resources. Meet the staff Are you new to UT? Common Concerns Diversity Statement Parents & families Faculty & Staff Provide Your Feedback Helpful Information Contact CMHC About CMHC Questions & answers Charges Get involved Confidentiality Service extension fee Mission & values Forms Integrated Health Research Consortium Graduate training programs Media interviews Medical widthdrawals & course load reductions Austin Travis County Integral Care (56 East Avenue) Clearinghouse abstracts 2017 The University of Texas at AustinUT Emergency InformationAccessibilityPrivacyReport a Bias IncidentStaff Intranet 2017 The University of Texas at AustinAccessibilityUT Emergency InformationPrivacyReport a Bias IncidentStaff Intranet 