 Rape Aggression Defense System (RAD) | UT Police | The University of Texas at Austin Skip to main content University of Texas at Austin Home UT Police Menu University of Texas at Austin Home The University of Texas at Austin UT Police FacebookTwitter Search Search Search Search About UTPD Expand About UTPD Authority and Jurisdiction Mission, Vision, Motto, and Values Organizational Chart Statement on Racial Profiling Units Records & Reports Expand Campus Alerts Campus Watch Complaint Statistics Crime Statistics Daily Crime Log Newsroom Records & Reports Registered Sex Offenders Clery Reports TXDOT Crash Reports Help & Services Expand Alarm Updates Bicycle Registration Call Trace Event Security Request Emergency Call Boxes Fingerprint Service Help & Services Inquiries, Complaints and Commendations Lost & Found Property Registration RAD Classes Victim's Advocate Network (VAN) Community Outreach Expand Child Safety Citizen Police Academy Community Outreach Crime Prevention Tips Crime Prevention Presentation Request Meet Your Officers (District Map) Safety Apps for Smartphones Safety Protocols Weapons on Campus Careers Expand Careers Career Interest Form Commissioned Officers Communication Operators Diversity Guards How to Apply Contact Expand Campus and Austin-area Help Contact UTPD Feedback Survey Map to UTPD Open Records Requests Submit Anonymous Tip Home Help & Services : Rape Aggression Defense System (RAD) Rape Aggression Defense System (RAD) What is RAD? Rape Aggression Defense (RAD) System is a program of realistic, self-defense tactics and techniques. It is a comprehensive course for women that begins with awareness, prevention, risk reduction and avoidance, while progressing to the basics of hands-on defense training. RAD is not a martial arts program. Our courses are taught by certified RAD instructors and provide students with a workbook/reference manual. This manual outlines the entire physical defense program for reference and continuous personal growth. The RAD System of physical defense is taught at many colleges and universities. The growing, widespread acceptance of this system is primarily due to the ease, simplicity and effectiveness of the tactics, solid research and unique teaching methodology. The RAD Systems is dedicated to teaching women defensive concepts and techniques against various types of assault by using easy, effective and proven self-defense tactics. The system of realistic defense will provide the knowledge to make an educated decision about resistance. RAD classes are offered at no charge to university students, faculty members and staffers. Voices Against Violence is a program of the Counseling and Mental Health Center that addresses issues of interpersonal violence on campus. Course Description Twelve-hour basic physical defense class. Please wear loose, comfortable clothing and bring water and snacks. Session 1 Using the RAD student manual, students will be involved in a discussion of risk reduction strategies, date rape, continuum of survival, defensive strategies and the basic principles of defense. Participating students will begin the process of hands-on training. We also discuss the pros and cons of defensive weaponry, how to develop a defensive mindset, understanding offensive and defensive postures, recognizing vulnerable locations and using personal weapons. Session 2 Participating students will continue the process of hands-on training. The techniques used by RAD Systems are based on simple gross motor skills and are developed to the point that they become instinctual through repetition. Session 3 RAD-demonstration.jpg Students will have the opportunity to use these techniques in dynamic impact training by striking padded equipment held by the instructors. All techniques target a single attacker. Optional Students will then participate in simulated assault scenarios with RAD instructors, who along with participants, wear state-of-the-art protective gear specifically designed for this training. Women have the opportunity to use their skills in a safe training environment. Why RAD? Approximately 85% of rape victims knew their assailant. With more than 3,500 instructors certified and nearly 160,000 women trained, RAD Systems is the countrys largest and fastest growing self-defense program for women and children. The RAD Systems curriculum is taught at over 400 colleges and universities across the United States and Canada, and is the only self-defense program to be endorsed by the International Association of Campus Law Enforcement Administrators. RAD is an international alliance of thousands of instructors united in offering practical options for responding to increasing acts of violence against women. We offer life-long opportunity for physical skill mastery provided through our trademark Lifetime Return and Practice Policy. Feedback Feedback from women participating in the RAD program has been very positive: Great course with very practical techniques! The instructors were funny, helpful, and good at explaining things. Excellent class. The simulation is particularly important for us to experience the stress situation. Better than any other self-defense class Ive ever taken. Really enjoyed the RAD classes and think everyone should take them! They're extremely helpful, and knowing I have that knowledge itself makes me feel safer. I just took the RAD course on campus and truly appreciate all the wonderful work the instructors do. They were very informative and helpful with instruction, and made the time there very enjoyable. Schedule See registration for the class schedule. Register for RAD Online Help & Services Alarm Updates Bicycle Registration Call Trace Event Security Request Emergency Call Boxes Fingerprint Service Help & Services Inquiries, Complaints and Commendations Lost & Found Property Registration RAD Classes Victim's Advocate Network (VAN) UT Police UTPD is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies. Campus Watch Careers at UTPD Crime Log Crime Statistics UT Austin Home Emergency Information Site Policies Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy Adobe Reader  The University of Texas at Austin 2018 