 Gender and Sexuality Center  Serving Women and LGBTQA Communities Gender and Sexuality Center Serving Women and LGBTQA Communities Home Contact Get Involved Education Allies in Action Student Resources Publications and Resources Forms Research Participation Related Links GSC @ 10 Endowment Exhibit Timeline News Feed Glossary Glossary (English) Glosario (Espaol) Serving Women and LGBTQA Communities Since 2004 Th Read more Welcome! Load More...Follow on Instagram (Thanks to Issa Ramos for the audio portion of our video!) The mission of the Gender and Sexuality Center (GSC) is to provide opportunities for all members of the UT Austin community to explore, organize, and promote learning around issues of gender and sexuality. The center also facilitates a greater responsiveness to the needs of women and the LGBTQ communities through education, outreach, and advocacy. The road to establishing the Gender and Sexuality Center goes back decades. After separately establishing the Womens Resource Center in 1997 and the GLBTA Agency in 2001, the two groups decided to pursue a joint center in the spring of 2002 in order to demonstrate greater student demand and establish an organization that would have greater long-term sustainability. The groups benefited from a new Dean of Students, Teresa Graham Brett, who was sensitive to womens and GLBTQ issues and a new Student Government President, Brian Haley, who campaigned on a promise to establish a Gender and Sexuality Center. A proposal for a Gender and Sexuality Center was approved in March 2004 and its doors officially opened in August of that year. Since its establishment, the GSC continues to grow in attendance and visibility. Featured Services and Resources Event Calendar See the full page calendar. Student Diversity Initiatives Student Diversity Initiatives (SDI) envisions a campus where proud, well-rounded and academically successful students are equipped with the skills necessary to advance social justice work through education, engagement and action. SDI includes the Multicultural Engagement Center and the Gender and Sexuality Center: Serving Women and LGBTQA Communities. SDI centers work with students to create safe spaces where they can pursue academic interests, develop leadership skills, and advocate for their communities. Through social justice education and community building, SDI programs empower students to challenge inequity, marginalization and injustice. Lavender Graduation Lavender Graduation is a special graduation ceremony that honors the achievements of graduating lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and ally students oncampus. Lavender Graduation is co-hosted by the Gender and Sexuality Center and the UT Queer & Trans Students Alliance (QTSA). Our goal is to provide a venue to demonstrate the success of our community members in a personal, entertaining and celebratory way. The Lavender Graduation Ceremony includes: Exhilarating speeches from UT faculty, administrators, students, and alumni; the chance to cross the lavender stage to celebrate your success and to receive a Lavender Graduation certificate as well as a rainbow tassel; and music, cake and food to share with friends, family and well-wishers! Do you want to show your support even though you are not graduating? Attend the event, and bring your friends! Sign up on the GSC listserv to get updates and reminders closer to the event. Would you like to volunteer at Lavender Graduation? Students, staff and faculty are welcome to help make this a successful event by providing assistance with event set up and clean up. Email us to learn how you can help, or get on our mailing list:gsc@austin.utexas.edu! Feminist Action Project The Feminist Action Project is a student group at the University of Texas at Austin which organizes activist programs, conversations and events for gender justice with the collaboration of the Gender and Sexuality Center. Questions? Interested? E-mail us atfeministactionproject@gmail.com Peers for Pride Peers for Pride (PfP) is a peer facilitation program of the Gender & Sexuality Center. Participants take two classes for academic credit in partnership with the Center for Womens & Gender Studies. In these classes, students learn theater techniques and facilitation skills that enable them to conduct workshops that explore the lives of lesbians, gay men, bisexuals, and transgender people. The facilitators develop activating scenes, build workshops around these scenes, and facilitate these workshops across campus in dorms, with student organizations, in classes, and in open workshops. Members of the Peers for Pride program are required to take one class in the fall semester and one in the spring semester. During the fall semester course, Confronting LGBTQ Oppression: Exploring the Issues and Learning the Skills to Communicate Them, students learn basic facilitation skills while taking an in-depth look at some issues facing lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer individuals. During the spring semester course, Facilitating Dialogues on LGBTQ Oppression: Peers for Pride in Action, peer facilitators have the opportunity to fine-tune their facilitation skills and lead workshops across campus. Participants are required to make a two-semester commitment to the program. Interested students must complete an application and an interview with the program staff. For more information, contact gsc@austin.utexas.edu. To request a Peers for Pride training for your student group, class, or department fill out this request form. Gender Inclusive Restrooms See the list and campus map of Gender Inclusive Restrooms or download the Inclusive U app below. The Inclusive U app maps the campus at the University of Texas at Austin in ways thatfoster a more welcoming campus culture.Get the app now:  GSC Library The Gender and Sexuality Center provides opportunities for all members of the UT Austin community to explore, organize, and promote learning around issues of gender and sexuality. The center also facilitates a greater responsiveness to the needs of women and the LGBTQ communities through education, outreach and advocacy. Our hours are Monday through Thursday, 9:00 am  7:00 pm, Friday 9:00 am  5:00 pm. Summer hours: 9am-5pm. We have a large collection of literature in the GSC, including books, magazines, videotapes and DVDs all available for checking out. We welcome suggestions for new books or movies  just contact us and let us know what youd be interested in! We are also always looking to expand our collection, so if you have literature or related materials you would like to donate, please e-mail or stop by our office. Report A Bias Incident Do you know of a student organization hosting a party with a racist theme? Have you seen derogatory graffiti on bathroom walls and buildings regarding sexual orientation or gender identity and expression? Have you overheard malicious threats intended to intimidate another person because of their religion? Are you worried that somebody has created a hostile or offensive classroom environment? Do you have concerns about a campus climate incident but you are not sure what to do? If so, please contact the Campus Climate Response Team by submitting your concerns using theCampus Climate Incident Online Report Form. Title IX Title IX, a segment of the Education Amendments of 1972, forbids exclusion on the basis of gender from any education program or activity receiving federal financial assistance. Review the complete Notice_of_Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Gender.Seehttp://titleix.utexas.edu. The University of Texas at Austin (University) is committed to maintaining a learning environment that is free from discriminatory conduct based on gender. As required by Title IX, the University does not discriminate on the basis of sex in its education programs and activities, and it encourages any student or non-student who thinks that he or she has been subjected to sex discrimination, sexual harassment (including sexual violence) or sexual misconduct by another student, member of the faculty or staff, or campus visitor or contractor, to immediately report the incident to any of the individuals persons or offices listed below. HornsLink The Gender and Sexuality Center provides opportunities for all members of the UT Austin community to explore, organize, and promote learning around issues of gender and sexuality.READ MORE  Subscribe to GSC newsletter Quick Exit Support the GSC Give Now Please consider making a donation to the GSC. Thank you. Event Calendar See the full page calendar. Request a Workshop Request a Workshop Gender Inclusive Restrooms Campus map of gender inclusive restrooms. Subscribe to GSC newsletter Peers for Pride Lavender Graduation Feminist Action Project GSC Library Report A Bias Incident GSC in the DDCE News Gender and Sexuality Center Open WorkshopsFall 2018 Welcome EventsGSC Hosts Stonewall Symposium to Advance LGBTQA+ Inclusive Policies and Practices Follow Us   LGBTQ Studies Student Diversity Initiatives  The University of Texas at Austin 2016 | Web Privacy Policy | Web Accessibility Policy Gender and Sexuality Center Home Contact Get Involved Education Allies in Action Student Resources Publications and Resources Forms Research Participation Related Links GSC @ 10 Endowment Exhibit Timeline News Feed Glossary Glossary (English) Glosario (Espaol)  