 RISE | New Student Services | The University of Texas at Austin Skip to main content University of Texas at Austin Home New Student Services Menu University of Texas at Austin Home Division of Student Affairs The University of Texas at Austin Division of Student Affairs New Student Services FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTube Search Search Search Search Orientation Expand Freshman Students Transfer Students Parents and Families Graduate Students FAQs Expand Transition Programs Expand Transfer Experience Center Horns Helping Horns The Longhorn Way RISE Longhorn Welcome Expand Resources Expand Campus Safety Conduct Expectations Campus Services Academic Resources Getting Involved UT Orientation Blog UT Lingo About Expand Contact Us Mission and Vision Social Media Guidelines Student Leadership Opportunities Home Transition Programs : RISE RISE RISE 2018 Friday, Jan. 19, Noon to 5 p.m. Student Activity Center  Reflect on your first semester. Inspire yourself by setting goals. Surpass your expectations for college. Emerge with tools for success.  RISE is FREE and students who attend will be provided lunch andwill have the chance to be entered in a drawing to win prizes! Register for RISE Registration for the 2018 RISE half-day summit is currently open. Register Now! RISE isa half-day summit for first-year students designed to reinforce the information and resources that were first presented at orientation. If you're looking for academic resources to help make your second semester your best yet, RISE is for you. If you want to get more involved in extracurricular activities, RISE is for you. And if you're still trying to find your place here at UT Austin, RISE is for you. RISE will equip you with the tools you needto start next semester off on the right path. Choose from a variety of sessions on topics like time management, healthy living, study skills, financial tips, and more. You'll leave RISE with theconfidence you need to navigate the rest of your first year and succeed both in and outside the classroom. Students will be able to choose from a variety of sessions including: Study Smarter, Not Harder Time & Procrastination Exploring Study Abroad Academic Advising  Your First Line of Support Major and Career Decisions Undergraduate Research: Start Here, Change the World View the session descriptions here. View the complete RISE 2018 schedule here. RISE is presented by New Student Services in partnership with theSenate of College Councils. If you have questions or need accommodations please contact New Student Services atnss@austin.utexas.eduor (512)-471-3304. New Student Services FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTube Blog Contact About Us FAQs UT Austin Home Emergency Information Site Policies Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy Adobe Reader  The University of Texas at Austin 2018 