 The Longhorn Way | New Student Services | The University of Texas at Austin Skip to main content University of Texas at Austin Home New Student Services Menu University of Texas at Austin Home Division of Student Affairs The University of Texas at Austin Division of Student Affairs New Student Services FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTube Search Search Search Search Orientation Expand Freshman Students Transfer Students Parents and Families Graduate Students FAQs Expand Transition Programs Expand Transfer Experience Center Horns Helping Horns The Longhorn Way RISE Longhorn Welcome Expand Resources Expand Campus Safety Conduct Expectations Campus Services Academic Resources Getting Involved UT Orientation Blog UT Lingo About Expand Contact Us Mission and Vision Social Media Guidelines Student Leadership Opportunities Home Transition Programs : The Longhorn Way The Longhorn Way Orientation only lasts a couple days, but finding your place at UT Austin is a longer journey. Begin that journey with The Longhorn Way.  The Longhorn Way is a program for new freshman and transfer students that highlights on-campus events,opportunities and resourcesthat will help you transition to UT Austin and make the Forty Acres your own.Participating is easy, and you only need to participate in five events to complete the program and getyour free shirt. You may have already attended some Longhorn Way events!For example, if you... Are part of a First-Year or Transfer-Year Interest Group Have attended an athletic event Work on campus Have utilized the Sanger Learning Center Have attended an event hosted by a college/school ...then you may be well on your way to earning your free t-shirt!There are dozens of other Longhorn Way opportunities to explore if you haven't completed your five yet. How It Works Earn your horns by participating in at least five Longhorn Way events during your first two semesters at UT Austin. All events are listed on HornsLink, so youll need to sign up and complete a profile. Note that you must be enrolled in classes in order to create a profile. Record your attendance at events via HornsLink and track your progress. If you participate in at least five events/opportunities, youll get a FREE Longhorn Way t-shirt! Tracking Your Progress via HornsLink Once you've created a profile on HornsLink, scroll down and onthe right of the page you will see"Paths"when you log in.Click on "The Longhorn Way" to go to the curriculum page. paths400.png  On the curriculum page, you will see the four categories of events: Academics and Resources (must fulfill two events) Leadership and Involvement (must fulfill one event) Health and Safety(must fulfill one event) Pride and Traditions (must fulfill one event) You will need to self-report your attendance at each event by clicking "Mark Complete" under "Fulfillment Status" at the bottom of each event page. Once you have marked five items as complete, you can come pick up your free t-shirt from the New Student Services office, located in the Student Services Building in suite 3.410. fulfillment700.png Get Started Today! Create a profile on HornsLink to get started with The Longhorn Way program. Attend five events and earn a FREE limited edition t-shirt!  Questions? If you have questions about The Longhorn Way, contact Desiree Alva, Associate Director for Transition Initiatives. Email: desiree.alva@austin.utexas.eduPhone: (512) 232-4001 New Student Services FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTube Blog Contact About Us FAQs UT Austin Home Emergency Information Site Policies Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy Adobe Reader  The University of Texas at Austin 2018 