 Student Ombuds | Ombuds | The University of Texas at Austin Skip to main content University of Texas at Austin Home Ombuds Menu University of Texas at Austin Home The University of Texas at Austin Ombuds Search Search Search Search Student Ombuds Expand About Us Common Concerns FAQ Request A Presentation Resources Student Tips & Guides Staff Ombuds Expand Contact Us About Us FAQ Request A Presentation Staff Resources Tips and Strategies Events Our Principles Faculty Ombuds Expand Contact Info Operating Principles FAQs Practical Self-Help Tools Faculty Resources Helpful Campus Resources Faculty Organizations & Governance Human Resources & Work/Life Balance Annual Reports Student Ombuds alt="Tower with south mall in foregroun" Office of the Student Ombuds WELCOME We are here to listen to your concerns in a safe setting about life at the university and confidentially discuss interpersonal difficulties, university policies, university bureaucracy, and conflict resolution techniques. We help you identify options so you can seek resolution. We encourage you to explore our website and make an appointment to meet with one of our staff members. If you have a concern or question pertaining to your life at the University of Texas at Austin, we encourage you to explore our website and make an appointment to meet with one of our staff members for additional services. The Office of the Student Ombuds is always available as a resource. COMMON CONCERNS Have you had a conflict with your professor or advisor? Frustrated about a University policy that is impacting you? Do you feel like you've been spinning your wheels in trying to get something resolved? Consider coming to our office to talk over your situation and see what options are available to you. Check out ourCommon Concernspage to see a list of some of the issues other students have brought to our office or check out ourFAQpage.   Schedule An Appointment All UT-Austin undergraduates and graduate students, as well as faculty and staff members who work with these groups, can contact the Student Ombuds Office for assistance. We're ready to listen to your concerns and help you come up with a plan of action for moving forward. Give us a call at 512-471-3825. Campus Carry Disclaimer Because a significant majority of the Student Services Building (SSB) is devoted to patient care, the entire SSB is exempt from the concealed carry of handguns. Ombuds Staff & Student Ombuds: 512-471-3825 Faculty Ombuds: 512-471-5866 UT Austin Home Emergency Information Site Policies Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy Adobe Reader  The University of Texas at Austin 2018 