 Sport Clubs - UT RecSports Skip to Content Skip to Navigation Division of Student Affairs RGB_university_informal_horizontal RecSports Home Home Recreational Sports Recreational Sports Search Menu Search About About the Department Contact Us Photography, Filming, and Media Requests Jobs Committees and Councils Scholarships Friends of RecSports Cancellations and Refunds Sports & Adventure Intramural Sports Sport Clubs Adventure Trips Climbing Wall Fitness & Wellness Fitness & Wellness Overview TeXercise Personal Training Small Group Training Massage Services Nutrition Classes First Aid/CPR/AED Lifeguard Training Water Safety Instructor Adult Swimming Youth Swimming Private Swim Instruction Log Rolling Tennis Indoor Rock Climbing Wilderness Medicine Self Defense Custom Classes Services Towel Service Lockers Sports Equipment Check-Out Outdoor Rental Center Lost and Found Court Reservations Facility Vendors Guest Passes Facilities Facilities Overview Bellmont Hall Caven Lacrosse and Sports Center at Clark Field Charles Alan Wright Fields at the Berry M. Whitaker Sports Complex Gregory Gym Gregory Gym Aquatic Complex PRC Commons Rec Center Recreational Sports Center Whitaker Courts Maps and Parking Reserve Facility Space Daily Schedules Memberships Memberships Overview Students UT Affiliates Non-UT Affiliates Departmental Visitors Home Sports & AdventureSport Clubs Share Sport Clubs Login for Sport Club Payments Online Store Eligibility and Membership Members and Officers Support Sport Clubs About Sport Clubs The Sport Club program consists of registered student organizations that make up the University of Texas Sport Club Association (UTSCA). Each club offers students the opportunity to pursue a higher degree of participation with a group of individuals interested in the same sport. The UTSCA promotes student participation in a variety of sports, contributes to the development of student leadership and provides a bond between individual clubs. Each club is formed, developed, governed and administered by the student membership of the club working in conjunction with RecSports. While RecSports assists in the development and growth of each club, the emphasis of the program is on student leadership and involvement. The existence of each sport club and the UTSCA is dependent upon student interest and participation. Sport Club Interest Form Aikido Archery Badminton Ballroom Dance Baseball Crew Cycling Dance Team Fencing Golf Gymnastics Handball Ice Hockey ITF Taekwondo Judo Kendo Lacrosse - Mens Lacrosse - Womens Powerlifting Quidditch Racquetball Rock Climbing Rugby - Mens Rugby - Womens Running Club Sailing Club Sailing Team Soccer - Mens Soccer - Womens Table Tennis Tennis Texas Taekwondo Trap and Skeet Triathlon Ultimate - Mens Ultimate - Womens Volleyball - Mens Volleyball - Womens Wakeboard Water Polo - Mens Water Polo - Womens Water Ski Wrestling Wushu Looking for Intramural Sports? Prev Next IM: 11-on-11 Soccer Take the field with friends to compete in some high-scoring 11 on 11 action! Mens and coed leagues offered. IM: 3-on-3 Basketball The convenience of pick-up basketball with the intensity of intramural competition! This half-court tournament is played up to 15 in a winner-take-all format. IM: 3-on-3 Soccer Combine the convenience of pick-up soccer with the intensity of intramural competition! IM: 7-on-7 Soccer Take the field with friends to compete in some high-scoring 7-on-7 action! Mens, women's, coed, and fraternity leagues offered. IM: Badminton Singles Hit the courts for this two-day tournament! IM: Basketball This league offers 5-on-5 games with four weeks of regular season play plus more if you advance to playoffs. Mens, womens, and coed leagues offered in fall and spring. IM: Billiards 8-ball or 9-ball - you choose! Register for this tournament to assess your skills as you compete with the best on campus. IM: Bouldering Sign up for this tournament hosted at the GRE climbing wall. Men and womens divisions offered. IM: Bowling Bowling is back on the Intramural calendar! Compete to claim that Intramural Championship. IM: Dodgeball This 6-on-6 coed team tournament gives you the chance to show off your dodging skills while knocking out the competition. IM: Esports Participate in our newest Intramural Sport! IM: Flag Football Are you a Sunday armchair quarterback or a Fantasy Football guru? This team sport has a league for everyone. IM: Golf Looking to channel your inner Jordan Speith? Sign up for this tournament! IM: Golf Match Play Hit the golf course for a chance at an Intramural Championship! IM: Indoor Soccer A fast-paced version of the outdoor game  played inside to avoid that unpredictable Texas weather. IM: Kickball Drop the bats and gloves and use your feet on the diamond in this classic backyard sport. IM: March Bracket Madness Compete against others on campus to see whos the expert in college hoops! IM: Outdoor Basketball Tournament play on the new courts at Wright Whitaker Sports Complex! IM: Pickleball Racquet sport combining tennis, badminton, and table tennis. IM: Racquetball If you're looking for singles or doubles action on campus - we've got you covered. IM: Racquetball Doubles If youre looking for exciting racquetball action on campus, weve got you covered. IM: Racquetball Singles If you're looking for exciting racquetball action on campus - we've got you covered. IM: Sand Volleyball Bump, set, and spike your way to an intramural championship! IM: Softball Nothing like some slow pitch softball to get that confidence back. Mens, womens, and coed leagues offered! IM: Spikeball Fun, fast, and exciting new sport. Practice gear available for rent at the Outdoor Center! IM: Swim Meet Faster in water than you are on land? Compete individually or with a team at the Texas Swim Center. IM: Table Tennis The more official version of Ping-Pong. Compete against the best on campus in mens, womens, or coed brackets. IM: Tennis Doubles Relive those high school days on the court and compete for intramural glory. Mens, womens, and coed leagues offered! IM: Tennis Singles Re-live those high school days on the court and compete for intramural glory. Mens and womens leagues offered. IM: Track Meet Think youre fast? Prove it in this intramural tournament held at the Mike A. Meyers Stadium. Events include long jump, shot-put, sprints and much more! IM: Ultimate You throw a disc better than a ball?! Sign up for this 7-player league offering mens, coed, and fraternity divisions. IM: Volleyball Bump, set, and spike your way into the Intramural Wall of Fame in this 6-on-6 team sport. Coed, fraternity, men's, and women's divisions offered! IM: Water Volleyball Escape the brutal Texas heat by playing some 6-on-6 coed water volleyball in our awesome event pool. Need Help? Ask Us Contact Programs Programs Office: 512.471.3116 Programs Fax: 512.232.4150 Sport Club National ChampionsHornsLinkSupport Sport Clubs Home About About the DepartmentContact UsPhotography, Filming, and Media RequestsJobsCommittees and CouncilsScholarshipsFriends of RecSportsCancellations and Refunds Sports & Adventure Intramural Sports Sport Clubs Adventure Trips Climbing Wall Fitness & Wellness TeXercise TeXercise Schedule Class Descriptions Personal Training Meet Our Trainers Kinesiology Student Training Small Group Training Massage Services Nutrition Classes First Aid/CPR/AED Lifeguard Training Water Safety Instructor Adult Swimming Youth Swimming Private Swim Instruction Log Rolling Tennis Indoor Rock Climbing Wilderness Medicine Self Defense Custom Classes Services Towel Service Lockers Sports Equipment Check-Out Outdoor Rental Center Lost and Found Court Reservations Facility Vendors Guest Passes Facilities Bellmont Hall Location and Parking Caven Lacrosse and Sports Center at Clark Field Location and Parking Charles Alan Wright Fields at the Berry M. Whitaker Sports Complex Location and Parking Gregory Gym Location and Parking Gregory Gym Aquatic Complex Location and Parking PRC Commons Rec Center Location and Parking Recreational Sports Center Location and Parking Whitaker Courts Location and Parking Maps and Parking Reserve Facility Space Daily Schedules Memberships Students UT Affiliates Non-UT Affiliates Departmental Visitors Recreational Sports  2018 The University of Texas at Austin.All rights reserved. Web Privacy | Web Accessibility Policy | Site MapReport a Website Problem site by trademark media | UT EID | Staff Intranet | HornsLink HoursContact UsMake a GiftBecome a Member Back to Top Web Privacy | Web Accessibility Policy | Site MapReport a Website Problem site by trademark media | UT EID | Staff Intranet | HornsLink View full site Recreational Sports  2018 The University of Texas at Austin.All rights reserved. Web Privacy | Web Accessibility Policy | Site MapReport a Website Problem site by trademark media | UT EID | Staff Intranet | HornsLink 