 Intramural Sports - UT RecSports Skip to Content Skip to Navigation Division of Student Affairs RGB_university_informal_horizontal RecSports Home Home Recreational Sports Recreational Sports Search Menu Search About About the Department Contact Us Photography, Filming, and Media Requests Jobs Committees and Councils Scholarships Friends of RecSports Cancellations and Refunds Sports & Adventure Intramural Sports Sport Clubs Adventure Trips Climbing Wall Fitness & Wellness Fitness & Wellness Overview TeXercise Personal Training Small Group Training Massage Services Nutrition Classes First Aid/CPR/AED Lifeguard Training Water Safety Instructor Adult Swimming Youth Swimming Private Swim Instruction Log Rolling Tennis Indoor Rock Climbing Wilderness Medicine Self Defense Custom Classes Services Towel Service Lockers Sports Equipment Check-Out Outdoor Rental Center Lost and Found Court Reservations Facility Vendors Guest Passes Facilities Facilities Overview Bellmont Hall Caven Lacrosse and Sports Center at Clark Field Charles Alan Wright Fields at the Berry M. Whitaker Sports Complex Gregory Gym Gregory Gym Aquatic Complex PRC Commons Rec Center Recreational Sports Center Whitaker Courts Maps and Parking Reserve Facility Space Daily Schedules Memberships Memberships Overview Students UT Affiliates Non-UT Affiliates Departmental Visitors Home Sports & AdventureIntramural Sports Share Intramural Sports Login to Register Online Store Become an Official Free Agents Schedules and Scores About Intramural Sports The Intramural Sports Program provides competitive and recreational sport leagues, tournaments and special events for all students, regardless of skill level. These activities foster leadership, sportsmanship and education. Fall2018 Schedule Team Sport Leagues Registration Ends Play Begins Team Fee 7-on-7 Soccer 9/21 9/23 $120 Sand Volleyball 9/21 9/23 $75 Dodgeball 9/21 9/24 $90 Volleyball 9/27 9/30 $120 Ultimate 9/24 10/1 $90 Flag Football 10/7 10/14 $90 Basketball 10/28 11/4 $90 11-on-11 Soccer 10/28 11/4 $90 Tournaments Registration Ends Play Dates Fee Badminton Singles 9/20 9/27-9/28 $10 Tennis Singles 10/4 10/8-11/20 $15 Golf Singles Match Play 10/15 10/24-11/20 $90 Racquetball Singles 10/22 10/29-12/4 $15 3-on-3 Soccer 10/22 10/26-10/27 $50 3-on-3 Basketball 11/12 11/16 $50 Special Events Registration Ends Play Date Fee Billiards 9/30 10/1 $10 Esports 10/22 10/29-10/30 $10 Golf Classic 10/26 11/2 $60 Swim Meet 10/25 11/1 $15 Bowling 11/26 11/30 $10 Table Tennis 12/4 12/5 $10 Eligibility, Policies & Guidelines Leagues 11-on-11 Soccer 7-on-7 Soccer Basketball Dodgeball Flag Football Indoor Soccer Sand Volleyball Softball Ultimate Volleyball Water Volleyball Special Events Billiards Bouldering Bowling Esports Golf March Bracket Madness Swim Meet Table Tennis Track Meet Tournaments 3-on-3 Basketball 3-on-3 Soccer Badminton Singles Golf Match Play Kickball Outdoor Basketball Pickleball Racquetball Doubles Racquetball Singles Spikeball Tennis Doubles Tennis Singles Looking for Sport Clubs? Prev Next Club: Aikido A system of self-defense based on relaxed coordination of mind and body, rather than strength. Club: Archery Offers students an opportunity to learn the sport of archery, providing them with the proper equipment and practice space. Club: Badminton Club members ranging from beginners to advanced participate in various tournaments throughout Texas and beyond. Club: Ballroom Dance Provides an opportunity to learn and improve the art of ballroom dancing in a lively social atmosphere. Club: Baseball Competitive club that travels and hosts games against other university baseball clubs across the country. Club: Crew A nationally competitive co-ed rowing club consisting of novice and varsity teams that compete at various competitions throughout the country. Club: Cycling Competitive club consisting of a mountain bike team and a road bike team that compete on a local and national level during the Fall and Spring semesters. Club: Dance Team The University's representative at national dance competitions and local performances. Club: Fencing Devoted to learning, teaching, and developing the art of fencing using three different weapons: epee, foil and sabre. Club: Golf Fun but competitive golf team representing The University of Texas at Austin. We play in regional and national tournaments. Club: Gymnastics Co-ed competitive organization open to all skill levels with instruction offered to beginners. Competes at the state and national level. Club: Handball Competitive and recreational club offering local, state, and regional tournament play. Club: Ice Hockey Competitive club hosting and traveling to other collegiate ice hockey clubs across the region and country. Club: ITF Taekwondo This club offers weekly practices, optional competitions, and seminars by nationally recognized experts. Club: Judo Offers training in attacks and defenses for all skill levels with the opportunity to compete in several tournaments during the year. Club: Kendo A form of sword fighting utilizing protective armor and bamboo swords. Club: Lacrosse - Mens Competitive club that competes in the Lone Star Alliance against other teams in the state as well as nationwide. Club: Lacrosse - Womens Competitive club that competes regionally as well as nationally against other women's lacrosse clubs. Club: Powerlifting Competitive powerlifting team consisting of squat, bench, and deadlift competitions. Club: Quidditch Recreational and competitive club that both instructs and competes on the regional and national level. Club: Racquetball Recreational and competitive club that travels across the state and country competing on a national level. Club: Rock Climbing Representing UT, team members practice up to four days a week and receive climbing instruction. Club: Rugby - Mens Competes at the state and national level against other rugby clubs. Club: Rugby - Womens Competes at the state and national level against other women's rugby clubs. Club: Running Club While promoting health and fitness through recreational running, the club trains together and races competitively. Club: Sailing Club Provides an organized sailing program with the purpose of improving the sailing ability of any member and promoting recreational sailing. Club: Sailing Team Nationally competitive club with the goal of expanding the love and knowledge of competitive sailing throughout The University and conference at large. Club: Soccer - Mens Competes in the Texas Collegiate Soccer League against various schools throughout the region and country. Club: Soccer - Womens An organization committed to promoting personal growth and soccer skill development among students. Club: Table Tennis Organizes table tennis enthusiasts in a way that allows them to enjoy competition in a relaxed setting. Club: Tennis Brings together all levels of players to practice and compete against other university clubs. Club: Texas Taekwondo Provides an environment to enlighten body and mind through the study and practice of Taekwondo and self-defense. Club: Trap and Skeet Focusing on skeet, trap, sporting clays and five stand. Club: Triathlon Club for triathlon enthusiasts promoting group workouts and competition against other collegiate clubs. Club: Ultimate - Mens A nationally competitive club consisting of teams, TUFF and Graze. Club: Ultimate - Womens Consists of a competitive team and a developing team that strive to promote competition in a team environment. Club: Volleyball - Mens Competitive club participating in tournaments with schools from Texas and across the country. Club: Volleyball - Womens Consists of two teams competiting in regional and national tournaments. Club: Wakeboard UT Wake is both a club and competitive team centered around wakeboarding and wakesurfing. Club: Water Polo - Mens Competitive club that participates in regional and national events. Club: Water Polo - Womens Competitive club that participates in regional and national events. Club: Water Ski Competes in regional and national tournaments in three-event water skiing. Club: Wrestling Organization competing against wrestling clubs across the region and country. Club: Wushu Exercises based in contemporary Wushu involving stretching and rigorous drills to improve flexibility, endurance, and speed. Need Help? Ask Us Weather Alerts Game Details and Team Rosters Today's Games Find out where and when your team is playing! Team Rosters Add, remove, and manage your team rosters. Intramural Playoffs Playoffs Details Brackets Wall of Fame Wall of Fame Intramural Champions Photo Gallery Since 1916 Follow UTRecSports Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram RSS Feed Contact Programs Programs Office: 512.471.3116 Programs Fax: 512.232.4150 Home About About the DepartmentContact UsPhotography, Filming, and Media RequestsJobsCommittees and CouncilsScholarshipsFriends of RecSportsCancellations and Refunds Sports & Adventure Intramural Sports Sport Clubs Adventure Trips Climbing Wall Fitness & Wellness TeXercise TeXercise Schedule Class Descriptions Personal Training Meet Our Trainers Kinesiology Student Training Small Group Training Massage Services Nutrition Classes First Aid/CPR/AED Lifeguard Training Water Safety Instructor Adult Swimming Youth Swimming Private Swim Instruction Log Rolling Tennis Indoor Rock Climbing Wilderness Medicine Self Defense Custom Classes Services Towel Service Lockers Sports Equipment Check-Out Outdoor Rental Center Lost and Found Court Reservations Facility Vendors Guest Passes Facilities Bellmont Hall Location and Parking Caven Lacrosse and Sports Center at Clark Field Location and Parking Charles Alan Wright Fields at the Berry M. Whitaker Sports Complex Location and Parking Gregory Gym Location and Parking Gregory Gym Aquatic Complex Location and Parking PRC Commons Rec Center Location and Parking Recreational Sports Center Location and Parking Whitaker Courts Location and Parking Maps and Parking Reserve Facility Space Daily Schedules Memberships Students UT Affiliates Non-UT Affiliates Departmental Visitors Recreational Sports  2018 The University of Texas at Austin.All rights reserved. Web Privacy | Web Accessibility Policy | Site MapReport a Website Problem site by trademark media | UT EID | Staff Intranet | HornsLink HoursContact UsMake a GiftBecome a Member Back to Top Web Privacy | Web Accessibility Policy | Site MapReport a Website Problem site by trademark media | UT EID | Staff Intranet | HornsLink View full site Recreational Sports  2018 The University of Texas at Austin.All rights reserved. Web Privacy | Web Accessibility Policy | Site MapReport a Website Problem site by trademark media | UT EID | Staff Intranet | HornsLink 