 UT RecSports Skip to Content Skip to Navigation Division of Student Affairs RGB_university_informal_horizontal RecSports Home Home Recreational Sports Recreational Sports Search Menu Search About About the Department Contact Us Photography, Filming, and Media Requests Jobs Committees and Councils Scholarships Friends of RecSports Cancellations and Refunds Sports & Adventure Intramural Sports Sport Clubs Adventure Trips Climbing Wall Fitness & Wellness Fitness & Wellness Overview TeXercise Personal Training Small Group Training Massage Services Nutrition Classes First Aid/CPR/AED Lifeguard Training Water Safety Instructor Adult Swimming Youth Swimming Private Swim Instruction Log Rolling Tennis Indoor Rock Climbing Wilderness Medicine Self Defense Custom Classes Services Towel Service Lockers Sports Equipment Check-Out Outdoor Rental Center Lost and Found Court Reservations Facility Vendors Guest Passes Facilities Facilities Overview Bellmont Hall Caven Lacrosse and Sports Center at Clark Field Charles Alan Wright Fields at the Berry M. Whitaker Sports Complex Gregory Gym Gregory Gym Aquatic Complex PRC Commons Rec Center Recreational Sports Center Whitaker Courts Maps and Parking Reserve Facility Space Daily Schedules Memberships Memberships Overview Students UT Affiliates Non-UT Affiliates Departmental Visitors Learn to Play Tennis Did you know that RecSports offers beginner, intermediate, and private tennis lessons? Tennis Lessons Schedule Reach Higher Did you know that Gregory Gym is home to a Climbing Wall featuring 2,600 square feet of climbing space? Climbing Wall Information Play Intramurals Get your team together. Registration for Intramural Sports is now open! Fall Intramural Calendar Get Certified Participate in our one-day First Aid, CPR, and AED classes and earn an American Red Cross certification upon completion. Safety Certification Schedule Learn to Swim Whether you're just getting started or you're looking to swim better and stronger, there's a class for you. Swimming Class Schedule Pause Login to Register, Rent, Reserve Online Store Login to Register, Rent, Reserve Online Store Lockers TeXercise Schedule Intramural Calendar Fast Facts 15 scholarships awarded RecSports awards 15 scholarships to student employees each year. View all fast facts scholarships awarded Today's Hours Administrative OfficesClosedAmazonViewBellmont Hall12p - 6pBellmont Hall 40612p - 6pCaven-Clark Basketball4p - 11pCaven-Clark Track/Turf10:30a - 11pClimbing Wall3p - 9pGregory Gym10a - 1aNatatorium10a - 2pOutdoor Rental CenterClosedOutdoor Event Pool12p - 5pOutdoor Lap Pool11a - 8pOutdoor Leisure Pool12p - 5pPRC Commons Rec CenterClosedRecreational Sports Center10a - 11pShake SmartViewUFCUViewWright-Whitaker Sports Complex10a - 10pWhitaker Courts10a - 10p Weather Update Full Facility Hours Lockers TeXercise Schedule Intramural Calendar Fast Facts 15 scholarships awarded RecSports awards 15 scholarships to student employees each year. View all fast facts scholarships awarded Latest News Party on the Plaza raises over $12,200 How do Longhorns kick off a new academic year? Giving back. Video: A Look Back at 2017-2018 As the first day of school approaches, were taking a moment to celebrate all that 2017-2018 brought. 2018 Scholarship Recipients Thanks to generous donors, RecSports awarded $32,000 in scholarships to deserving student staff members. More news Calendar of Events Faculty & Staff Free Week UT Faculty and Staff: You're invited to check out all that RecSports has to offer -- free -- October 1-7! Join us Oct. 1-7 					Need Help? 					Ask Us Today's Hours Administrative OfficesClosedAmazonViewBellmont Hall12p - 6pBellmont Hall 40612p - 6pCaven-Clark Basketball4p - 11pCaven-Clark Track/Turf10:30a - 11pClimbing Wall3p - 9pGregory Gym10a - 1aNatatorium10a - 2pOutdoor Rental CenterClosedOutdoor Event Pool12p - 5pOutdoor Lap Pool11a - 8pOutdoor Leisure Pool12p - 5pPRC Commons Rec CenterClosedRecreational Sports Center10a - 11pShake SmartViewUFCUViewWright-Whitaker Sports Complex10a - 10pWhitaker Courts10a - 10p Weather Update Full Facility Hours Get Involved: Intramural & Sport Clubs Prev Next IM: 11-on-11 Soccer Take the field with friends to compete in some high-scoring 11 on 11 action! Mens and coed leagues offered. IM: 3-on-3 Basketball The convenience of pick-up basketball with the intensity of intramural competition! This half-court tournament is played up to 15 in a winner-take-all format. IM: 3-on-3 Soccer Combine the convenience of pick-up soccer with the intensity of intramural competition! IM: 7-on-7 Soccer Take the field with friends to compete in some high-scoring 7-on-7 action! Mens, women's, coed, and fraternity leagues offered. IM: Badminton Singles Hit the courts for this two-day tournament! IM: Basketball This league offers 5-on-5 games with four weeks of regular season play plus more if you advance to playoffs. Mens, womens, and coed leagues offered in fall and spring. IM: Billiards 8-ball or 9-ball - you choose! Register for this tournament to assess your skills as you compete with the best on campus. IM: Bouldering Sign up for this tournament hosted at the GRE climbing wall. Men and womens divisions offered. IM: Bowling Bowling is back on the Intramural calendar! Compete to claim that Intramural Championship. IM: Dodgeball This 6-on-6 coed team tournament gives you the chance to show off your dodging skills while knocking out the competition. IM: Esports Participate in our newest Intramural Sport! IM: Flag Football Are you a Sunday armchair quarterback or a Fantasy Football guru? This team sport has a league for everyone. IM: Golf Looking to channel your inner Jordan Speith? Sign up for this tournament! IM: Golf Match Play Hit the golf course for a chance at an Intramural Championship! IM: Indoor Soccer A fast-paced version of the outdoor game  played inside to avoid that unpredictable Texas weather. IM: Kickball Drop the bats and gloves and use your feet on the diamond in this classic backyard sport. IM: March Bracket Madness Compete against others on campus to see whos the expert in college hoops! IM: Outdoor Basketball Tournament play on the new courts at Wright Whitaker Sports Complex! IM: Pickleball Racquet sport combining tennis, badminton, and table tennis. IM: Racquetball If you're looking for singles or doubles action on campus - we've got you covered. IM: Racquetball Doubles If youre looking for exciting racquetball action on campus, weve got you covered. IM: Racquetball Singles If you're looking for exciting racquetball action on campus - we've got you covered. IM: Sand Volleyball Bump, set, and spike your way to an intramural championship! IM: Softball Nothing like some slow pitch softball to get that confidence back. Mens, womens, and coed leagues offered! IM: Spikeball Fun, fast, and exciting new sport. Practice gear available for rent at the Outdoor Center! IM: Swim Meet Faster in water than you are on land? Compete individually or with a team at the Texas Swim Center. IM: Table Tennis The more official version of Ping-Pong. Compete against the best on campus in mens, womens, or coed brackets. IM: Tennis Doubles Relive those high school days on the court and compete for intramural glory. Mens, womens, and coed leagues offered! IM: Tennis Singles Re-live those high school days on the court and compete for intramural glory. Mens and womens leagues offered. IM: Track Meet Think youre fast? Prove it in this intramural tournament held at the Mike A. Meyers Stadium. Events include long jump, shot-put, sprints and much more! IM: Ultimate You throw a disc better than a ball?! Sign up for this 7-player league offering mens, coed, and fraternity divisions. IM: Volleyball Bump, set, and spike your way into the Intramural Wall of Fame in this 6-on-6 team sport. Coed, fraternity, men's, and women's divisions offered! IM: Water Volleyball Escape the brutal Texas heat by playing some 6-on-6 coed water volleyball in our awesome event pool. Prev Next Club: Aikido A system of self-defense based on relaxed coordination of mind and body, rather than strength. Club: Archery Offers students an opportunity to learn the sport of archery, providing them with the proper equipment and practice space. Club: Badminton Club members ranging from beginners to advanced participate in various tournaments throughout Texas and beyond. Club: Ballroom Dance Provides an opportunity to learn and improve the art of ballroom dancing in a lively social atmosphere. Club: Baseball Competitive club that travels and hosts games against other university baseball clubs across the country. Club: Crew A nationally competitive co-ed rowing club consisting of novice and varsity teams that compete at various competitions throughout the country. Club: Cycling Competitive club consisting of a mountain bike team and a road bike team that compete on a local and national level during the Fall and Spring semesters. Club: Dance Team The University's representative at national dance competitions and local performances. Club: Fencing Devoted to learning, teaching, and developing the art of fencing using three different weapons: epee, foil and sabre. Club: Golf Fun but competitive golf team representing The University of Texas at Austin. We play in regional and national tournaments. Club: Gymnastics Co-ed competitive organization open to all skill levels with instruction offered to beginners. Competes at the state and national level. Club: Handball Competitive and recreational club offering local, state, and regional tournament play. Club: Ice Hockey Competitive club hosting and traveling to other collegiate ice hockey clubs across the region and country. Club: ITF Taekwondo This club offers weekly practices, optional competitions, and seminars by nationally recognized experts. Club: Judo Offers training in attacks and defenses for all skill levels with the opportunity to compete in several tournaments during the year. Club: Kendo A form of sword fighting utilizing protective armor and bamboo swords. Club: Lacrosse - Mens Competitive club that competes in the Lone Star Alliance against other teams in the state as well as nationwide. Club: Lacrosse - Womens Competitive club that competes regionally as well as nationally against other women's lacrosse clubs. Club: Powerlifting Competitive powerlifting team consisting of squat, bench, and deadlift competitions. Club: Quidditch Recreational and competitive club that both instructs and competes on the regional and national level. Club: Racquetball Recreational and competitive club that travels across the state and country competing on a national level. Club: Rock Climbing Representing UT, team members practice up to four days a week and receive climbing instruction. Club: Rugby - Mens Competes at the state and national level against other rugby clubs. Club: Rugby - Womens Competes at the state and national level against other women's rugby clubs. Club: Running Club While promoting health and fitness through recreational running, the club trains together and races competitively. Club: Sailing Club Provides an organized sailing program with the purpose of improving the sailing ability of any member and promoting recreational sailing. Club: Sailing Team Nationally competitive club with the goal of expanding the love and knowledge of competitive sailing throughout The University and conference at large. Club: Soccer - Mens Competes in the Texas Collegiate Soccer League against various schools throughout the region and country. Club: Soccer - Womens An organization committed to promoting personal growth and soccer skill development among students. Club: Table Tennis Organizes table tennis enthusiasts in a way that allows them to enjoy competition in a relaxed setting. Club: Tennis Brings together all levels of players to practice and compete against other university clubs. Club: Texas Taekwondo Provides an environment to enlighten body and mind through the study and practice of Taekwondo and self-defense. Club: Trap and Skeet Focusing on skeet, trap, sporting clays and five stand. Club: Triathlon Club for triathlon enthusiasts promoting group workouts and competition against other collegiate clubs. Club: Ultimate - Mens A nationally competitive club consisting of teams, TUFF and Graze. Club: Ultimate - Womens Consists of a competitive team and a developing team that strive to promote competition in a team environment. Club: Volleyball - Mens Competitive club participating in tournaments with schools from Texas and across the country. Club: Volleyball - Womens Consists of two teams competiting in regional and national tournaments. Club: Wakeboard UT Wake is both a club and competitive team centered around wakeboarding and wakesurfing. Club: Water Polo - Mens Competitive club that participates in regional and national events. Club: Water Polo - Womens Competitive club that participates in regional and national events. Club: Water Ski Competes in regional and national tournaments in three-event water skiing. Club: Wrestling Organization competing against wrestling clubs across the region and country. Club: Wushu Exercises based in contemporary Wushu involving stretching and rigorous drills to improve flexibility, endurance, and speed. Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube Tweets by @UTRecSports Become a MemberBecome a Friend of RecSports Home About About the DepartmentContact UsPhotography, Filming, and Media RequestsJobsCommittees and CouncilsScholarshipsFriends of RecSportsCancellations and Refunds Sports & Adventure Intramural Sports Sport Clubs Adventure Trips Climbing Wall Fitness & Wellness TeXercise TeXercise Schedule Class Descriptions Personal Training Meet Our Trainers Kinesiology Student Training Small Group Training Massage Services Nutrition Classes First Aid/CPR/AED Lifeguard Training Water Safety Instructor Adult Swimming Youth Swimming Private Swim Instruction Log Rolling Tennis Indoor Rock Climbing Wilderness Medicine Self Defense Custom Classes Services Towel Service Lockers Sports Equipment Check-Out Outdoor Rental Center Lost and Found Court Reservations Facility Vendors Guest Passes Facilities Bellmont Hall Location and Parking Caven Lacrosse and Sports Center at Clark Field Location and Parking Charles Alan Wright Fields at the Berry M. Whitaker Sports Complex Location and Parking Gregory Gym Location and Parking Gregory Gym Aquatic Complex Location and Parking PRC Commons Rec Center Location and Parking Recreational Sports Center Location and Parking Whitaker Courts Location and Parking Maps and Parking Reserve Facility Space Daily Schedules Memberships Students UT Affiliates Non-UT Affiliates Departmental Visitors Recreational Sports  2018 The University of Texas at Austin.All rights reserved. Web Privacy | Web Accessibility Policy | Site MapReport a Website Problem site by trademark media | UT EID | Staff Intranet | HornsLink HoursContact UsMake a GiftBecome a Member Back to Top Web Privacy | Web Accessibility Policy | Site MapReport a Website Problem site by trademark media | UT EID | Staff Intranet | HornsLink View full site Recreational Sports  2018 The University of Texas at Austin.All rights reserved. Web Privacy | Web Accessibility Policy | Site MapReport a Website Problem site by trademark media | UT EID | Staff Intranet | HornsLink 