 Services for Students with Disabilities  Making UT-Austin Accessible Services for Students with Disabilities Making UT-Austin Accessible About About Disabilities Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Psychological Disabilities Autism Spectrum Disorders Blind & Visual Disabilities Deaf & Hard of Hearing Learning Disabilities (LD) Medical Disabilities Physical Disabilities Traumatic Brain Injuries (TBI) Temporary Disabilities Our Services Policies & Procedures The Law Confidentiality Grievance Procedures Maintenance of Records Reactivation of Files Student Rights and Responsibilities Walk-In Register to vote at SSD! Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us SSD Data Future UT Students Making the Transition to UT How to Register with SSD Documentation Guidelines Accommodations and Services Housing and Dining Accommodations Placement Exams Resources for Parents Current UT Students How to Register with SSD Accommodations and Services Using Accommodations at UT Using Testing Accommodations Assistive Technology Course Load Reduction and Medical Withdrawal Online Learning Housing and Dining Accommodations Scholarships Faculty/Staff The Law Rights and Responsibilities of Students and Faculty The Basics: Providing Accommodations Working with Students with Disabilities Making a Referral to SSD Creating an Accessible Classroom Creating Accessible Programming Frequently Asked Questions SSD Appreciation Awards Deaf/HH CART and Typewell Sign Language Interpreter Services Captioning Videos Forms & Documents Outreach Student Volunteer Notetakers disABILITY Advocate Program disABILITY Advocacy Student Coalition Disability Resource Library Outreach Presentations Campus Resources Community Resources Employment and Internship Resources Advocacy and Support Making Campus Inclusive, Accessible and Welcoming Se Read more March 26, 2013Welcome to Services for Students with Disabilities! SSD ensures students with disabilities have equal access to their academic experiences at the University of Texas at Austin by determining eligibility and approving reasonable accommodations. We also engage in outreach across campus in order to make campus a more inclusive, accessible and welcoming environment for people with disabilities. SSDread more October 1, 2018October is Disability Advocacy and Inclusion Month October is Texas Persons with Disabilities History and Awareness Month and National Disabilities Employment Awareness Month. Here at UT, we host a number of events in October to engage our campus and community in learning about disability. But we dont want people to just be aware of disability; we wantread more October 1, 2018SSD Insider October 2018 October is Disability Advocacy and Inclusion Month! We have a lot of exciting events happening in October! Please attend and help spread the word about ways to make campus more accessible, inclusive and welcoming to people with disabilities. Be sure to check out the important dates and deadlines and markread more September 28, 2018October 11th: Lime Network Campus Visit LIME Network UT Campus Visit! October 11th from 12-2pm The Student Union Building **RSVP Required by 10/9/18** SSD is excited to be partnering with LIME Network to host an information session and corporate partner panel for students with disabilities and student veterans! All majors are welcome to come and meetread more September 28, 2018October 29th: Priority Registration Priority Registration for Spring 2019 will be on October 29th from 2pm until midnight. Registration records will be available starting on October 18th. Check back soon and be on the look out for emails with more information about using priority registration! September 20, 2018September 27th: CIA Sessions for Students Disabilities and Student Veterans CIA Campus Visit Services for Students with Disabilities (SSD) is excited to be partnering with the Central Intelligence Agency to offer informational sessions and personalized advisory sessions for SSD students and Student Veterans. All majors are welcome to come and meet with CIA personnel and discuss opportunities for students, asread more September 6, 2018Getting the Ball Rolling: Kinesiology Junior Aims to Bring Goalball League to UT Austin The jingle of a bell, the roll of a ball, the roar of the crowdthese are the sounds of goalball, an adaptive sport designed for athletes who are blind or visually impaired. Elizabeth Daugherty, a College of Education junior, has been playing the unique, inclusive sport for years and isread more September 6, 2018Advertising Junior Receives Lois Ford La Bauve Scholarship Hannah Buckley, an advertising junior, is one of two students registered with Services for Students with Disabilities (SSD) to receive the 2018-19 Lois Ford La Bauve Scholarship. With college expenses adding up, she is grateful for the scholarship, which is awarded to students registered with SSD. The scholarship will definitelyread more September 4, 2018Fall 2018 Campus Construction Advisories Utility Work on 24th Street Texas Gas Service (TGS) will inspect and clean natural gas lines in 24th Street from October 1  11, 2018. During this period, there will be intermittent sidewalk closures from San Jacinto on the east to the power plant (PPL) and power plant annex (PPA)read more September 4, 2018SSD Insider September 2018 Welcome to Fall 2018 We hope your first week of class went well! The SSD Insider is your monthly way to receive updates, reminders and announcements from SSD. We encourage you to read through all the headlines and click on the links for more information if you are interested inread more August 31, 2018Employment and Networking Opportunities SSD is excited to be partnering with various corporate and government partners to provide opportunities for students with disabilities to network and learn about future internship and employment opportunities. Disability is an important part of diversity in the workforce and these partners are excited about the unique strengths, skills, experiencesread more 1 2 3  17 Next Page  Contact Us Call 512-471-6259 Videophone 512-410-6644 Email ssd@austin.utexas.edu or visit our Contact Us page for more info. SSD Online Accommodation Letter Request Form: Please fill out the online form. SSD Web Portal: Login online. Volunteer NoteTaker Sign Up: application. SSD News from DDCE Central Upcoming Services for Students with Disabilities EventsGetting the Ball Rolling: Kinesiology Junior Aims to Bring Goalball League to UT AustinAdvertising Junior Receives Lois Ford La Bauve ScholarshipFall 2018 Welcome EventsNew and Noteworthy: Fall 2017 News Highlights Course Load Reduction / Medical Withdrawal For more information please visit the CLR/MW page Campus Accessibility Updates Click here for the latest news about disruptions to campus accessibility. Request A Presentation Please visit our outreach presentation page and click the link at the bottom to fill out the form. Subscribe By Email Sign up for SSDs monthly newsletter, The Advocate, here: The Advocate sign up . This newsletter is for our campus and community partners who want to stay up to date on disability news and events at UT!  The University of Texas at Austin 2016 | Web Privacy Policy | Web Accessibility Policy Services for Students with Disabilities About About Disabilities Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Psychological Disabilities Autism Spectrum Disorders Blind & Visual Disabilities Deaf & Hard of Hearing Learning Disabilities (LD) Medical Disabilities Physical Disabilities Traumatic Brain Injuries (TBI) Temporary Disabilities Our Services Policies & Procedures The Law Confidentiality Grievance Procedures Maintenance of Records Reactivation of Files Student Rights and Responsibilities Walk-In Register to vote at SSD! Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us SSD Data Future UT Students Making the Transition to UT How to Register with SSD Documentation Guidelines Accommodations and Services Housing and Dining Accommodations Placement Exams Resources for Parents Current UT Students How to Register with SSD Accommodations and Services Using Accommodations at UT Using Testing Accommodations Assistive Technology Course Load Reduction and Medical Withdrawal Online Learning Housing and Dining Accommodations Scholarships Faculty/Staff The Law Rights and Responsibilities of Students and Faculty The Basics: Providing Accommodations Working with Students with Disabilities Making a Referral to SSD Creating an Accessible Classroom Creating Accessible Programming Frequently Asked Questions SSD Appreciation Awards Deaf/HH CART and Typewell Sign Language Interpreter Services Captioning Videos Forms & Documents Outreach Student Volunteer Notetakers disABILITY Advocate Program disABILITY Advocacy Student Coalition Disability Resource Library Outreach Presentations Campus Resources Community Resources Employment and Internship Resources Advocacy and Support  