 Request a SURE Walk  University of Texas Student Government HOME HOME About Executive Alliance Platform Executive Board Assembly Agencies Supreme Court Get Involved Apply for a Position Write Legislation Campus Wide Elections Improve UT Challenge Invest in Texas Calendar Contact Us Updates Assembly Legislation Statements and Releases Supreme Court Opinions In the News Resources Scholarships Request a SURE Walk Class Gift HOME HOME About Executive Alliance Platform Executive Board Assembly Agencies Supreme Court Get Involved Apply for a Position Write Legislation Campus Wide Elections Improve UT Challenge Invest in Texas Calendar Contact Us Updates Assembly Legislation Statements and Releases Supreme Court Opinions In the News Resources Scholarships Request a SURE Walk Class Gift Connect with SURE WalkLocation: Jester West Concourse Phone: (512) 2329255Twitter: @SUREWalkFacebook: @surewalkEmail to Contact SURE Walk Team: SureWalkSG@gmail.comEmail to Request a SURE Walk: orderasurewalk@gmail.comHours: 8:30 PM - 2:00 AM, 7 days a weekLearn More with SURE WalkSURE Walk is dedicated to eliminating sexual assault and other forms of interpersonal violence from our campus community. To reach this goal, we provide safe walks and rides home, to reduce the risk of assault occurring. However, we also aim to educate the community on assault, consent, healthy relationships, and resources for survivors of assault.While there is a danger of assault perpetrated by a stranger, a risk we reduce with free escorts and rides, many more assaults are perpetrated by someone the victim or survivor knew. According to the CLASE study released in the spring of 2017, 84% of UT students who reported having been sexually assaulted knew their perpetrators. This is a problem that we cannot fix with escorts and rides alone. Thats why we at SURE Walk are using our time with community members to educate and share resources.What is interpersonal violence?Interpersonal violence, or IPV, includes sexual assault, relationship violence, and stalking. Sexual assault is any kind of sexual contact against a person's will and without consent. Sexual violence can happen to anyone, no matter their age, gender-identity, race, ethnicity, nationality, sexual orientation, class background, religion, or ability. Relationship violence is a pattern of behavior in an intimate relationship that is used to establish power and control over another person through fear and intimidation. This pattern of behavior can include physical or emotional abuse. Stalking refers to repeated and threatening behavior directed toward a person that leads to concern or fear about personal safety. For more information on these issues, please visit the website for Voices Against Violence, a student group dedicated to preventing interpersonal violence and supporting survivors.What is consent?Consent is an enthusiastic, mutual agreement to perform a sexual activity. Consent can be revoked at any time for any reason. Consent is the presence of a yes, not an absence of a no. Individuals who are not sober or conscious cannot give consent. Consent for one activity does not apply to other activities, and consent at one time is not consent at another time. Consent is never coerced. Any sexual activity without consent is considered sexual assault. To learn more about consent, read the official UT consent policy, attend an interactive performance, or read more about consent from Voices Against Violence.Survivor SupportIf you are a survivor of any form of interpersonal violence, know first and foremost that what happened is not your fault. Furthermore, it is you choice what, if anything, you wish to do moving forward. Here at UT, we have a wide array of option for survivors to choose from, and many different ways survivors can access resources.Survivors Emergency Fund: Voices Against Violence (VAV) Survivor's Emergency Fund provides financial assistance to student survivors of sexual violence, relationship violence, and/or stalking, towards the aim of increasing that student's safety, coping, and independence. If you or someone you know would like more information about how to access the Fund, please contact the Counseling and Mental Health Center to schedule an appointment with a VAV counselor by calling (512) 471-3515.SAFE Alliance: SAFE utilizes the SafePlace Campus to provide housing, healing, and support for individuals and families affected by domestic violence, and sexual assault and exploitation through prevention and intervention services. In addition, the organization promotes safe and healthy relationships, increasing the capacity for abuse prevention in Central Texas.Title IX Office: The Title IX office at UT allows individuals to promptly report incidents of sex and gender discrimination, including sexual harassment, sexual assault, sexual misconduct, interpersonal violence (including domestic violence and dating violence), and stalking. The University will respond to all reports and will conduct a prompt, fair, and impartial investigation and resolution for complaints and, where appropriate, issue remedial measures and/or sanctions.Supporting a Peer: It is important that if a survivor shares their experience with you that you hear them, believe them, and respect their confidentiality. For more detailed information, click the hyperlink.SURE Walk is dedicated to ending interpersonal violence on our campus, and we implore you to join us in that effort. Consider sharing our services with peers. Learn where and how you can gain more information to support survivors or educate friends. We can all change the discussion around sexual assault, relationship violence, and stalking. United together, we can eliminate sexual assault on campus.Volunteer with SURE WalkTo volunteer with SURE Walk, please fill out thisform.We also ask that you look over our Volunteer Handbook. Frequently Asked Questions1. What is the current policy on assisting intoxicated students? SURE Walk volunteers are not allowed to touch or physically help a patron into the cart or during the walk. If a patron is too intoxicated to enter the vehicle or walk on their own, we suggest that they request UTPD ride. If the patron can enter the vehicle or can walk on their own, and the SURE Walk team does not feel physically unsafe, our policy is to complete the walk or ride without filing an official report. However, if we perceive a danger to this patron or to others due to intoxication, it is our legal obligation to call 911.2. Why is my wait-time so long?SURE Walk is a service that has grown in both demand and capability. However, SURE Walk has a limited number of resources. There are not always enough vehicles to quickly help patrons, and only so many employees and volunteers can be scheduled in a given night. Because of this, we are not always able to be your quickest option, but we do our best to communicate when wait times are longer than expected. We apologize for this inconvenience, and are actively working to raise money to continue expanding our service.3. What is SURE Ride?SURE Ride is a partnership between Parking and Transportation Services and Lyft, a rideshare company. Launched in the fall semester of 2017, SURE Ride is designed to give the UT community a safe and convenient transportation option.SURE Ride will provide rides between 11pm and 4am from the main campus to residential locations only. Lyft rides will be provided to residential areas that are served by the following shuttle bus routes: West Campus (642), Lake Austin (663), Crossing Place (670), North Riverside (671), Lake Shore (672), Red River (653), Intramural Fields (656) and Far West (661).If you would like to participate in the free SURE Ride program from PTS and Lyft, please opt in here: http://lft.to/sureride and youll receive an invitation. You will need to use the email associated with your UT EID.Please note, Lyft drivers will not receive SURE Walk training and a SURE Walk volunteer will not accompany patrons on rides. Back to Top New Page 