 SURE Ride | Parking & Transportation | The University of Texas at Austin Skip to main content University of Texas at Austin Home Parking & Transportation Menu University of Texas at Austin Home Financial and Administrative Services The University of Texas at Austin Financial and Administrative Services Parking & Transportation Search Search Search Search Home Expand Parking Expand Parking Garages Events Disability / ADA Parking Faculty/Staff Parking Student Parking Visitor Parking Departmental Parking Vendor Parking RecSports Membership Parking Parking & Traffic Regulations Transportation Expand BikeUT Capital Metro Car Share Carpools Downtown Evening Bus Electric Scooters Electric Vehicles SURE Ride Shuttles Vanpools Walking Vending Machines Expand Vending Machine Locations Refund Request Service Request Fleet Operations Expand Fuel Forms & Policies Maintenance Reporting Purchasing/Disposal Voyager Card Program Vans Citations Expand Appeal Citation Boot Information How to Avoid Citations Pay Citation Maps Expand Campus Parking Map Visitor's Parking Maps PRC & WPR Map Shuttle Routes GPS Coordinates Bike UT Maps About Expand Annual Reports Awards & Recognition Organizational Chart PTS in the Media PTS Staff My Parking Profile Expand SURE Ride Lyft is the provider for UT Austins SURE Ride program! SURE Ride provides Lyfts away from main campus to your home* 7 days a week from 11 p.m. to 4 a.m. *Locations served will mirror current UT Shuttles routes for West Campus, Far West, Lake Austin, North Riverside, Lake Shore, Crossing Place, Red River, and Intramural Fields. All SURE Rides must originate from main campus only. If you would like to participate in the free SURE Ride program from PTS and Lyft, please get your credits HERE(you'll need your UTEID) Your Lyft email must match your official University directory email address (whether you use gmail, utexas.edu, yahoo or other) to participate. Need to know your UT email address? Click Here Need to change your Lyft address? Click Here if your UTEID is restricted, please email PTS to enroll To use credit, Rides must be in "Personal Mode" and Lyft Line. Rides must begin in the purple zone and finish in any pink zone. image.png  Note: Destinations must be residential, not commercial. Getting Started Get the app Download the Lyft app for iPhone or Android. Already have it? 	Just make sure to update to the latest version of the app. Get your Sure Ride credits Click Hereto get your credits Take a Lyft ride! Once verification is complete, your SURE Ride Lyft credits will be activated. The credits will automatically apply to any rides taken within the above parameters and the ride quote for the ride will show FREE. When you open the Lyft app, you will be prompted for the type of Lyft that you want to request. Tap Line to the selection option (see photo).  LyftApp.png  After you click "Set Pickup" you will see the following screen. Be sure to have your ride set toLyft SharedandPersonal mode. If your ride is ordered in business mode, your Lyft credit will not apply to the cost of the ride. Remember, crossed out pricing as indicated below means that your promo is being applied and the SURE Ride credits will be applied. If you do not see crossed out pricing please make sure you are following the proper steps and you are using the program within the set boundaries/parameters. You can view the ride parameters by visiting the Promos section in the Lyft app. Please note that any additional tips paid to a driver will be charged to the personal credit card registered to your Lyft account. How to Request a Wheelchair Accessible Vehicle: Within the Lyft app,go to Settings then Services to select Access mode. Lyft Settings.png Re-open the app. You will receive an in-app notification with instructions to dial a dedicated phone number for dispatching accessible vehicles. If you have questions about SURE Ride, please email us atsureride@austin.utexas.edu For inquiries regarding changes, please include your UT EID, phone number, and a screenshot or picture of your ride receipt. If you have questions about SURE Ride, please email us atsureride@austin.utexas.edu Parking & Transportation PTS Office - Trinity Parking Garage (TRG) 1815 Trinity St. Open M-F except official university holidays Cashier Office: 8am  5pm Administrative Office: 8am  5 pm Phone: 512-471-7275 Parking Garages Parking Maps Student Parking UT Shuttles Visitor Parking UT Austin Home Emergency Information Site Policies Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy Adobe Reader  The University of Texas at Austin 2018 