 UHS Allergy and Immunization Shots UT University Health Services https://wwww.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ APPOINTMENTS MyUHS  SERVICES ABOUT UHS LOCATION CONTACT Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Nurse Advice Line Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Medical and immunization record requests Search a health topic Meet the staff Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Affordable UT Student Health Insurance Plan Your feedback Incoming students International students LGBTQIA+ inclusive healthcare Office of Health Promotion Emergency HIV risk reduction Sexual Assault Forensic Exams Volunteering FOLLOW US (512) 471-4955 Email UHS LOCATION 100 West Dean Keaton Student Services Building (SSB) https://www.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ Home appointments MyUHS About UHS Nurse Advice Line Location on campus Contact UHS Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Services Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Office of Health Promotion Programs AlcoholEdu and Haven Basics Bruce the Bat Fitness on the Forty Acres Health Student Orgs Healthyhorns Peer Educators Healthyhorns Play Safe Love Your Body RA Resouces Sleep and Napping Study Natural Sti testing Sexual assault forensic exams Emergency HIV Risk Reduction Tour UHS University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. Getting Allergy Shots at UHS UT students who have started an allergy desensitization program (allergy shots) with an allergist can get their shots at UHS. Charges apply. UHS does not administer the initial dose of allergen immunotherapy. Allergy testing is not available at UHS. Allergy shots are administered by appointment during regular business hours. The following information/items will need to be received by UHS before allergy injections will be administered: Allergist will need to complete, sign and fax theAllergy Desensitization Form for Allergist to the UHS Allergy/Immunization/Travel Clinic Allergist will include their most recent office visit progress note when they fax the Allergy Desensitization Form Vials of allergy extract must be clearly labeled with Patient's name Vial name or contents (example "vial 1" or "TWG") Contents' concentration Expiration date Record of last dose, including date, name of antigen, dosage, and any local reaction Dosage sheet matching patient name on vials and including patients date of birth Instructions for dosing schedule, including frequency of injections and minimum time between shots. Instructions for dosage adjustment due to missed/late injections or local reactions. Additionally, before receiving allergy immunotherapy at UHS, each student must have an appointment with a general medicine provider at UHS to evaluate whether the student is a good candidate for immunotherapy at UHS. The completed Allergy Desensitization Form for Allergist must be in the UHS chart before they can make this appointment. To schedule an appointment for initial allergy clearance with a general medicine provider call the Allergy/Immunization/Travel Clinic at 512-475-8301. Once cleared at this appointment, the student may schedule appointments for allergy shots at UHSAFTERthe allergy nurse has confirmed that we have received all of the information listed above. Allergy extract may be mailed or delivered directly to: UHS Allergy, Immunization, and Travel Clinic UT-Austin University Health Services 100 West Dean Keeton St. Austin, Texas 78712 All patients receiving allergy injections at UHS must agree to and sign anAllergy Shot Agreement form.. All patients must agree to wait 30 minutes after their shot(s)as a precaution in the event of an adverse reaction. Patients who cannot wait the full 30 minutes, may not receive allergy shots at UHS. After 30 minutes, nurses check patient's arm(s). Patients notify nurses immediately if they feel they are having a reaction. Any student that experiences a significant systemic reaction will not be able to receive subsequent injections at UHS until evaluated by the prescribing allergist and written recommendations are provided to UHS for subsequent dosing, which will be reviewed by the team lead physician for the allergy clinic. INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement STI Testing Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and Immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement Get yourself tested Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Homel 2018 The University of Texas at Austinl UT Emergency Informationl Accessibilityl Privacyl Report a Bias Incidentl Finding Credible Health Information Onlinel Staff Intranet 