 UHS Travel UT University Health Services https://wwww.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ APPOINTMENTS MyUHS  SERVICES ABOUT UHS LOCATION CONTACT Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Nurse Advice Line Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Medical and immunization record requests Search a health topic Meet the staff Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Affordable UT Student Health Insurance Plan Your feedback Incoming students International students LGBTQIA+ inclusive healthcare Office of Health Promotion Emergency HIV risk reduction Sexual Assault Forensic Exams Volunteering FOLLOW US (512) 471-4955 Email UHS LOCATION 100 West Dean Keaton Student Services Building (SSB) https://www.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ Home appointments MyUHS About UHS Nurse Advice Line Location on campus Contact UHS Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Services Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Office of Health Promotion Programs AlcoholEdu and Haven Basics Bruce the Bat Fitness on the Forty Acres Health Student Orgs Healthyhorns Peer Educators Healthyhorns Play Safe Love Your Body RA Resouces Sleep and Napping Study Natural Sti testing Sexual assault forensic exams Emergency HIV Risk Reduction Tour UHS University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. Travel Health Information and Travel Immunizations Call: (512) 475-8301 Travel Physical Exams Call: (512) 471-4955 To cancel an appointment, call (512) 475-8265 or log on to MyUHS. Take the UHS online travel health course Charges Charges apply for travel health consultations, immunizations, and physical exams. For additional information about charges and insurance billing, see Travel Counseling Charge Agreement. Allergy Immunization Clinic Common Charges Pre-Departure To-Do List: Visit the website, Travel Health Online, which provides free, up-to-date information about which vaccines you will need for each country you plan to visit (registration required). Go to Travel Health Online Take the UHS online travel health course Call the Allergy and Immunization Clinic at 512-475-8301 to make an appointment with the travel health nurse. Travel Health Online provides travel health information for virtually every country in the world. By registering and reading about each country on your itinerary, you can create a list of vaccines to discuss with the travel health nurse. The UHS online travel health course takes about 15 minutes. In it, you will learn about the common ways diseases are transmitted and how to avoid getting sick. During your appointment, you and the travel health nurse will discuss the vaccines and malaria medication to consider based on your itinerary. He or she will outline country-specific risks and precautions, answer any remaining questions you have about staying healthy while traveling, and administer vaccines should you choose to get them. The following vaccines are available at UHS: Hepatitis A (PDF) Hepatitis B (PDF) Human Papillomavirus (HPV) (PDF) Influenza (Flu) Measles/Mumps/Rubella (PDF) Meningococcal Disease (bacterial meningitis (PDF) Pneumococcal Pneumonia (PDF) Polio (PDF) Typhoid (PDF) Rabies, pre-exposure (PDF) Japanese Encephalitis (PDF) Yellow Fever (PDF) (Not available at UHS until mid 2018) Search the CDC Website for clinics that currently offer the Yellow Fever vaccine. Tetanus / Diphtheria / Pertussis (PDF) Varicella (Chickenpox) (PDF) Prevention Information: Preventing and Reducing Vaccine Side Effects (PDF) Malaria and Travelers Dengue Fever Tuberculosis Traveler's Diarrhea Additional Resources Center for Disease Control and Prevention Travelers' Health information about infectious diseases U.S. State Department travel advisories and other information, by country Travel Health Online credible source of travel health and safety information My UHS View and print your UHS immunization record. (UT EID required.) Helpful Links Immunization Information Special Hours of Operation Travel Health Online Travel Counseling Charge Agreement UHS Online Travel Health Course What I Owe Additional Resources Parking Health & Safety Resources for International Travel (UT International Office ) The Meningococcal B vaccine is not available at University Health Services. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) does not recommend routine vaccination of adolescents. According to the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, The current low prevalence of disease, coupled with the fact that important data for making policy recommendations for MenB vaccines are not yet available, resulted in ACIP determining that insufficient evidence exists to make a routine public health recommendation that all adolescents be vaccinated with MenB vaccine. Learn more here. INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement STI Testing Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and Immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement Get yourself tested Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Homel 2018 The University of Texas at Austinl UT Emergency Informationl Accessibilityl Privacyl Report a Bias Incidentl Finding Credible Health Information Onlinel Staff Intranet 