 UHS General Medicine UT University Health Services https://wwww.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ APPOINTMENTS MyUHS  SERVICES ABOUT UHS LOCATION CONTACT Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Nurse Advice Line Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Medical and immunization record requests Search a health topic Meet the staff Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Affordable UT Student Health Insurance Plan Your feedback Incoming students International students LGBTQIA+ inclusive healthcare Office of Health Promotion Emergency HIV risk reduction Sexual Assault Forensic Exams Volunteering FOLLOW US (512) 471-4955 Email UHS LOCATION 100 West Dean Keaton Student Services Building (SSB) https://www.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ Home appointments MyUHS About UHS Nurse Advice Line Location on campus Contact UHS Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Services Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Office of Health Promotion Programs AlcoholEdu and Haven Basics Bruce the Bat Fitness on the Forty Acres Health Student Orgs Healthyhorns Peer Educators Healthyhorns Play Safe Love Your Body RA Resouces Sleep and Napping Study Natural Sti testing Sexual assault forensic exams Emergency HIV Risk Reduction Tour UHS University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. UHS General Medicine Information: (512) 471-4955 Or make an appointment online Information on Charges and Insurance Hours: Monday - Friday 8:00am - 5:00pm Closed Saturday and Sunday and UT Holidays Wednesdays Closed 12pm - 1:30pm Semester hours exceptions University Health Services is here to keep you healthy while you focus on your studies at UT Austin. You can expect the same types of services here that you can get from your family doctor. Appointments are required for all non-urgent medical conditions. Call (512) 471-4955 for an appointment. For advice on how to care for an illness or injury at home or guidance about whether and when to see a healthcare provider, call the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS). For severe or potentially life-threatening symptoms, go to a local hospital emergency room or call 911. Our healthcare providers are licensed physicians, physician assistants, certified nurse practitioners, and behavioral health consultants supported by a staff of nurses, medical technologists, radiological technologists, pharmacists, chemical dependency counselors, dietitians, and professional health educators. Types of services provided in General Medicine UHS general medicine clinics provide primary medical care tailored to the unique needs of college students. Common medical services include diagnosis and treatment of: Upper respiratory infections Sexually transmitted infections Stress, anxiety, and depression Eating disorders Minor injuries You can also schedule appointments for Physical exams for work or travel Minor surgical procedures Chronic disease management (asthma, diabetes, hypertension) Assistance with prescription medications We also offer a Nurse Advice Line, an urgent care clinic, allergy shots, immunizations, and travel health appointments as well as sports medicine, and women's health specialty clinics. If you need care that isn't offered at UHS, we can refer you to a specialist in the community - just like your family doctor would. Dr. Tai is board certified in Internal Medicine, which means he cares for a diverse patient population with all kinds of problems ranging from minor illnesses and injuries to potentially serious problems and chronic conditions like asthma and diabetes. Here, Dr. Tai discusses why he chose medicine and what he likes about his vocation: "I chose medicine because I felt it was a field that offered many options. General internal medicine combines my interests in science, the arts, and individuals and allows me to work in a variety of areas. Every day is a little different. Some cases need straightforward evidence-based decision making while others require less well-defined verbal and nonverbal practices. Working in a university environment involves constant change and is an ongoing learning experience. If you are thinking about a career in healthcare, I suggest exploring not only medical school but also nursing fields, advanced practice nursing programs, physician assistant programs, and pharmacy programs as they all play integral roles in healthcare now." INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement STI Testing Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and Immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement Get yourself tested Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Homel 2018 The University of Texas at Austinl UT Emergency Informationl Accessibilityl Privacyl Report a Bias Incidentl Finding Credible Health Information Onlinel Staff Intranet 