 UHS Physical Therapy UT University Health Services https://wwww.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ APPOINTMENTS MyUHS  SERVICES ABOUT UHS LOCATION CONTACT Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Nurse Advice Line Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Medical and immunization record requests Search a health topic Meet the staff Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Affordable UT Student Health Insurance Plan Your feedback Incoming students International students LGBTQIA+ inclusive healthcare Office of Health Promotion Emergency HIV risk reduction Sexual Assault Forensic Exams Volunteering FOLLOW US (512) 471-4955 Email UHS LOCATION 100 West Dean Keaton Student Services Building (SSB) https://www.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ Home appointments MyUHS About UHS Nurse Advice Line Location on campus Contact UHS Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Services Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Office of Health Promotion Programs AlcoholEdu and Haven Basics Bruce the Bat Fitness on the Forty Acres Health Student Orgs Healthyhorns Peer Educators Healthyhorns Play Safe Love Your Body RA Resouces Sleep and Napping Study Natural Sti testing Sexual assault forensic exams Emergency HIV Risk Reduction Tour UHS University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. Physical Therapy Information: (512) 475-8444 FAX: (512) 232-7918 Location: SSB 1st Floor Information on Charges and Insurance Physical Therapy requires 24 hour notice for reschedules and cancellations. To cancel an appointment, call (512) 475-8444 Hours: Monday - Friday 7:00am - 6:00pm Closed Saturday and Sunday and UT Holidays 2nd Tuesday of the month closed 1:30-2:30pm Semester hours exceptions When an injury or health condition affects your ability to move comfortably, physical therapy can help. Physical therapy can improve mobility, eliminate pain, help postpone or avoid surgery, optimize recovery after surgery, and prevent future injury. To see a physical therapist, you need a healthcare providers referral, similar to a prescription. Students can present a referral from UHS or from an off-campus provider, while faculty and staff need to obtain a referral from an off-campus provider. Referrals can be faxed to 512-232-7918. Charges apply. Insurance is welcome but not required. What to Expect At your first visit, the physical therapist will review your medical history, talk with you about your symptoms and diagnosis, and perform a physical evaluation. Your therapist may measure your strength, range of motion, and flexibility, and evaluate your gait, posture, balance, and coordination. Physical Therapy will then work with you to develop your treatment plan and goals to address your individual needs. What happens at subsequent visits depends on your individual treatment plan. Often, the patient learns and practices exercises to improve strength, balance, and flexibility. The therapist may apply one of several therapeutic modalities (procedures or treatments) such as warm or cold packs, electrical stimulation, ultrasound, and hands-on treatment (manual therapy) such as joint and soft-tissue mobilization and stretching techniques. You may be given homework  exercises or activities to do between visits in order to build upon and sustain progress toward your goals. What to Wear and Bring Wear or bring comfortable clothing that permits movement, such as exercise clothes or a t-shirt and shorts. Wear closed-toe athletic shoes. (No flip-flops, please.) Bring your UT ID card or valid photo ID, your insurance card (if you have insurance), and your referral for physical therapy. Our Physical Therapy Team Our licensed physical therapists and physical therapy assistants form a strong clinical team with tremendous expertise, patience, and passion for learning and for helping people feel better day by day. Meet the Staff Helpful Links Parking Charges and Insurance Sports Medicine Clinic Meet the Staff American Physical Therapy Association INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement STI Testing Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and Immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement Get yourself tested Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Homel 2018 The University of Texas at Austinl UT Emergency Informationl Accessibilityl Privacyl Report a Bias Incidentl Finding Credible Health Information Onlinel Staff Intranet 