 < Sexual Assault Forensic Exams at UHS UT University Health Services https://wwww.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ APPOINTMENTS MyUHS  SERVICES ABOUT UHS LOCATION CONTACT Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Nurse Advice Line Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Medical and immunization record requests Search a health topic Meet the staff Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Affordable UT Student Health Insurance Plan Your feedback Incoming students International students LGBTQIA+ inclusive healthcare Office of Health Promotion Emergency HIV risk reduction Sexual Assault Forensic Exams Volunteering FOLLOW US (512) 471-4955 Email UHS LOCATION 100 West Dean Keaton Student Services Building (SSB) https://www.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ Home appointments MyUHS About UHS Nurse Advice Line Location on campus Contact UHS Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Services Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Office of Health Promotion Programs AlcoholEdu and Haven Basics Bruce the Bat Fitness on the Forty Acres Health Student Orgs Healthyhorns Peer Educators Healthyhorns Play Safe Love Your Body RA Resouces Sleep and Napping Study Natural Sti testing Sexual assault forensic exams Emergency HIV Risk Reduction Tour UHS University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. Sexual Assault Forensic Exams at University Health Services UT students who have experienced a sexual assault may choose to access a Sexual Assault Forensic Exam (SAFE) at University Health Services (UHS) at no charge. These exams are offered through a partnership with SAFE Alliance who will complete the exam in the UHS facility during UHS business hours, Monday-Friday 8:00am-5:00pm. Students in need of an exam outside of UHS hours can call the SAFE Alliance to arrange for an exam to take place at SAFE Alliance. To access a SAFE at either location, call SAFE Alliance Hotline at 512-267-SAFE (7233) or call the UHS Nurse Advice Line during business hours at 512-475-6877 (NURS). Choosing to have a SAFE does not mean that you have to report the assault to law enforcement. The exam can only occur within the first 120 hours (five days) after a sexual assault with police involvement and 96 hours (four days) without police involvement. The non-report option preserves the evidence for two years, during which time a survivor can make the decision about whether or not to report the assault to law enforcement. If you choose to have a SAFE at UHS, nothing about the assault or exam will be added to your UHS health record unless there is a need for you to see a UHS provider due to a physical injury, in which case, your privacy is protected by state and federal privacy laws. Due to legal requirements, a report will be submitted to the University containing anonymous (non-identifying) information about the assault. This is not the same as informing or filing a report with the police. If you are uncertain whether or not to pursue a SAFE consider the following support options: SAFE Alliance hotline (available 24/7): 512-267-SAFE (7233). University Health Services Nurse Advice Line: (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Counseling and Mental Health Center (available during office hours: 9am - 5pm Monday through Friday): 512-471-3515. When you call, ask for an appointment with a counselor who works with the CMHC Voices Against Violence (VAV) Program. Preparing for a Sexual Assault Forensic Exam: Your exam will be provided by a qualified SAFE Alliance nurse who will meet with you before the exam to discuss the process. You have the right to have an advocate present during the exam. The advocate is there to support you, provide resources and help explain your options and what you say to the advocate is confidential. If possible, do not change clothes, shower, brush your teeth, eat or drink, or use the bathroom until after your exam. If you have already done any of these things, it's okay, you can still have the exam. The exam may include: medical care medicines to prevent infection and/or pregnancy talking about the assault checking for and photographing injuries swabbing the skin collecting clothing taking blood and urine samples. If there is any part of the exam you are uncomfortable with, you can skip it. After the exam, you will get information about follow-up care and who to call with questions. Additional Campus Support Resources Voices Against Violence, a program of the Counseling and Mental Health Center (CMHC), provides support to survivors of sexual violence through advocacy appointments, individual counseling sessions, and group counseling. VAV's survivor's emergency fund provides financial assistance to student survivors of sexual violence, relationship violence, and/or stalking. To learn more or make an appointment, call 512-471-3515. Student Emergency Services helps students and their families during difficult or emergency situations. Assistance includes outreach, advocacy, intervention, support, and referrals to relevant campus and community resources. Please note, this office does not provide counseling services. Counseling, legal advocacy, and other support services are also available at SAFE Alliance. Call the hotline at 512-267-SAFE (7233). for more information. If you choose to file a report: With the university: Title IX Institutional Title IX Coordinator Krista Anderson 2.507 UT Administration Building (UTA) 512-471-0419 With the police: Regardless of whether or not the alleged perpetrator was a UT student at the time of the incident, you may choose to file a report with the police. If you decide to move forward with making a report to the police, it is important to note that police jurisdictions depend on where the sexual assault occurred. If the incident occurred on the UT campus, a report may be filed with the UT Police Department (UTPD) by calling 512-471-4441 or visiting UTPD headquarters at 2201 Robert Dedman Drive (across from the Manor Garage and the football stadium). If the incident occurred in Austin but off campus, a report can be filed with the Austin Police Department (APD) by dialing 911, regardless of how long ago the assault happened. Upon calling, a uniformed officer will be dispatched to your location to take the written report. If the incident occurred in another city, the local police department that has jurisdiction over that area will need to be contacted. Call 911 for assistance and you will be directed to the correct police department. Healthy Sexuality Healthy Sexuality Topics Classes and Workshops Condoms Get Free or Low-Cost Condoms Contraception Safer Sex Ambassadors Contraception for College Students Video Series Men's Sexual Health Off-Campus STI / HIV testing locations Sexual Anatomy Sexually Transmitted Infections UHS STI Testing UHS Sexual Assault Forensic Exams AlcoholEdu and SAPU Women's Health INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement STI Testing Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and Immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement Get yourself tested Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Homel 2018 The University of Texas at Austinl UT Emergency Informationl Accessibilityl Privacyl Report a Bias Incidentl Finding Credible Health Information Onlinel Staff Intranet 