 UHS Dietitian Services UT University Health Services https://wwww.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ APPOINTMENTS MyUHS  SERVICES ABOUT UHS LOCATION CONTACT Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Nurse Advice Line Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Medical and immunization record requests Search a health topic Meet the staff Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Affordable UT Student Health Insurance Plan Your feedback Incoming students International students LGBTQIA+ inclusive healthcare Office of Health Promotion Emergency HIV risk reduction Sexual Assault Forensic Exams Volunteering FOLLOW US (512) 471-4955 Email UHS LOCATION 100 West Dean Keaton Student Services Building (SSB) https://www.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/ Home appointments MyUHS About UHS Nurse Advice Line Location on campus Contact UHS Medical emergencies and what to do when UHS is closed Services Charges and Insurance Immunizations and medical clearance requirements Office of Health Promotion Programs AlcoholEdu and Haven Basics Bruce the Bat Fitness on the Forty Acres Health Student Orgs Healthyhorns Peer Educators Healthyhorns Play Safe Love Your Body RA Resouces Sleep and Napping Study Natural Sti testing Sexual assault forensic exams Emergency HIV Risk Reduction Tour UHS University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. University Health Services (UHS) will be CLOSED on MONDAY, MAY 28th, for the UT Memorial Day Holiday If you need assistance please contact the Nurse Advice Line (512) 475-6877 (NURS) Go here to find out what to do in a non-emergency situation while UHS is closed. For severe or potentially life-threatening medical or mental health emergencies call 911 or go to a local hospital emergency room. About Nutrition Services Information: (512) 475-8010 Information on Charges and Insurance Nutrition Services requires 24 hour notice for reschedules and cancellations. Hours: Monday - Friday 8:00am - 5:00pm Closed Saturday and Sunday and UT Holidays Semester hours exceptions Your relationship with food and your body has significant implications on your academic and job performance, physical health, and even your emotional well-being and social life. Working with a dietitian can give you the edge you need to reach your full potential. Students, faculty, and staff with nutrition-related health concerns can schedule an individual consultation with a registered dietitian at UHS. Our dietitian works closely with the UHS medical and counseling staff to ensure consistency and quality of care. UT Students Only: To help keep the cost of nutrition services office visits low, the Student Administrative Health Fee will cover 50% of the students financial responsibility, if any, for this charge. The office visit charge does not cover visit-related costs such as procedures, tests, supplies, medications, etc. The patients responsibility depends on whether they are insured, whether UHS accepts their insurance, and how much their insurance covers for nutrition services. Go to Charges and Insurance for more information. Meet the RD Jennifer Barnoud, MS, RD, LD, CEDRD is a masters level registered and licensed dietitian born, raised, and educated in Tennessee. She specializes in the prevention or management of nutrition related diseases, the treatment of eating disorders, and individualized strategies for improvement of overall wellness. Through ongoing nutrition counseling, Jennifer provides you with a nonjudgmental space to help make sense of the abundant nutritional science and to collaboratively develop a personalized eating plan with your health goals in mind. Jennifer uses intuitive eating and mindfulness based strategies to bring about true lifelong health that encompasses mind, body, and spirit. Jennifer is most concerned about your health and well-being and therefore maintains a non-diet, weight neutral treatment approach. Common reasons that individuals work with a dietitian: Medical diagnosis with significant nutrition implications including diabetes, hypoglycemia, heart disease, high blood pressure, and/or high cholesterol Food and body image concerns Eating disorders Digestive problems like food allergies, lactose intolerance, celiac disease, irritable bowel, and/or colitis Vegetarian or vegan diet advice Family history of nutrition-related disease Recent appetite changes Vitamin or mineral deficiency related to diet Nutritional analysis - you want to get feedback on your diet and eat smarter It is helpful to have a referral from a healthcare provider or counselor, but referrals are not required. Appointments with the UHS registered dietitian must be made by phone. Call (512) 475-8010 to schedule an appointment. Allow about one hour for your appointment. Charges apply. Additional information regarding appointments with the UHS registered dietitian: Appointments are also available in Gregory Gym during select hours each week for RecSports faculty/staff members and students. Once you have called and scheduled an appointment, please log-in to MyUHS at least 24 hours before your visit to fill out a related questionnaire. Initial appointments will last no more than 45-60 minutes. Follow-up appointments will be scheduled at the end of your appointment by the registered dietitian. Please allow up to 20 minutes for follow-up and up to 45 minutes for extended follow-up appointments. If it has been more than 8 weeks since your last appointment, you will be scheduled for an extended follow-up (45 minutes). Appointment cancellations or reschedules require 24 hour notice. Faculty and Staff only: If available, please fax any lab records completed in the past year to the registered dietitian at (512) 475-9693 prior to the day of your initial appointment. Referrals from outside providers, which are helpful but not necessary, may also be sent in advance or brought with you to the appointment. Nutrition Links Additional Nutrition Topics Registered Dietitian Consultations Mindful Eating Program Nutrition Handouts Nutrition Peer Led Workshops INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement STI Testing Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and Immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Monday - Friday, 8am to 5pm by appointment (512) 471-4955 Email UHS University Health Services is committed to providing high-quality care to patients of all ages, races, ethnicities, physical abilities or attributes, religions, sexual orientations, or gender identities/expression. INFORMATION Home Medical emergencies Appointments Service extension fee Diversity statement Get yourself tested Sexual assault forensic exams Tour UHS Eligibility to use UHS Medical withdrawal & course load reductions Medical and immunization record requests Patient rights and responsibilities Campus concealed carry Parents Faculty and Staff Hours Parking Jobs Volunteering Your feedback LOCATION 100 West Dean Keeton Student Services Building (SSB) FOLLOW US SPECIFIC QUESTIONS? Incoming Students International Students Dell Medical Students LGBTQIA+ Inclusive Healthcare Parents Faculty and Staff CAMPUS PARTNERS 40 Acres Pharmacy Counseling and Mental Health Center Homel 2018 The University of Texas at Austinl UT Emergency Informationl Accessibilityl Privacyl Report a Bias Incidentl Finding Credible Health Information Onlinel Staff Intranet 